
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012373                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12373142268                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537200735805                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 372054                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   474105                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 288349                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67760048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 42910.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15964954855                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20343979713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       424448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       121088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       455040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       269824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       165120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       120960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       430976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       453888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       269952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       454400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       429696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       269824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4552832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1099776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1099776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 35569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8592                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8592                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data      9786358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     36776430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20586525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9765668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       310350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21807233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       413799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13345034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9776013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      9765668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     34831572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      9765668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     36683325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       310350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21817578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     36724705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34728122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       320695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21807233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               367960854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       310350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       413799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       310350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       320695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5689743                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          88884131                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               88884131                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          88884131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data      9786358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     36776430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20586525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9765668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       310350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21807233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       413799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13345034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9776013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      9765668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     34831572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      9765668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     36683325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       310350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21817578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     36724705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34728122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       320695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21807233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              456844985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2080485                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701232                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850621                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213420                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9101                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20176150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11810643                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2080485                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2472148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        598907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       980800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1242715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206178                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24018377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21546229     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133524      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210983      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336437      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139210      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         155928      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166470      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         108764      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1220832      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24018377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070117                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398043                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19981117                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1177690                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2464188                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       341044                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14416432                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20012526                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        260604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       825274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2439642                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        91322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14406460                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        34159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5543                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20000173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67010270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67010270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2976158                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          273976                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373186                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22242                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       168917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14386310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3723                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13601757                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843718                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4134859                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          404                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24018377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18282526     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2302822      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258189      5.24%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858593      3.57%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803240      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229388      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180506      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61062      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42051      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24018377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3177     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9589     38.29%     50.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12278     49.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11394115     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215284      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257515      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733197      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13601757                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.458407                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25044                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51264597                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16233902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13380615                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13626801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41906                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249627                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23587                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          863                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        168674                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12632                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390056                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373186                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2065                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9446                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118067                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236728                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13406277                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182629                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1915516                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1886609                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732887                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.451819                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13380810                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13380615                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7824007                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20436981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.450954                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382836                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2132918                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23629373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18652360     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2411212     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938521      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505979      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377329      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210594      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131198      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115914      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286266      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23629373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837776                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       286266                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37733151                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29169275                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                329241                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               5653428                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.967180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.967180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.337020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.337020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60452600                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18547943                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13449279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2576536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2145387                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235932                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977622                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939843                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         277184                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10967                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22412746                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             14136829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2576536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1217027                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2945079                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        658264                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1994479                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1393545                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225516                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     27777621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.989128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       24832542     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         180181      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         225569      0.81%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         362589      1.31%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         152151      0.55%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         195225      0.70%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         227884      0.82%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         105487      0.38%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1495993      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     27777621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.086834                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.476440                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       22286140                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2139091                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2931048                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1441                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       419900                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       391797                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     17281813                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1663                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       419900                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22309191                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         71586                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2004027                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2909414                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        63495                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     17175240                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         9046                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        44193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     23986113                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     79867034                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     79867034                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     20037333                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3948717                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         4121                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          223217                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1610893                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       840632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       190023                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16768940                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4133                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        16076895                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16944                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2057311                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4202426                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27777621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20968065     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3103689     11.17%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1269621      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       712848      2.57%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       964107      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       298258      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291922      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156718      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12393      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27777621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110824     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15203     10.83%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14365     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13542792     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219740      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1987      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1474476      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837900      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     16076895                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.541824                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140392                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60088747                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18830489                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15655682                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     16217287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11755                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308567                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12920                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       419900                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         54834                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6910                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16773079                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12745                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1610893                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6041                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139058                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132915                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       271973                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15795492                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1449238                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       281403                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2287007                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2232389                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           837769                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.532340                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             15655772                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            15655682                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         9380392                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        25205501                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.527628                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372157                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11657153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     14364385                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2408687                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       237719                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27357721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21277385     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3081414     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1119333      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556977      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       510115      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       214138      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211910      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100828      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285621      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27357721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11657153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     14364385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2130011                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1302311                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1998                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          2081911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12932825                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       296648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       285621                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           43845094                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          33966132                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                342069                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1894184                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11657153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            14364385                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11657153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.545373                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.545373                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.392870                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.392870                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       71069059                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      21877251                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15979712                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         4000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2031135                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1832828                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108137                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       761180                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         724243                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111446                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4762                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21536897                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12762916                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2031135                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       835689                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2524136                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        341656                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2792039                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles          393                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1237229                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108421                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     27084352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       24560216     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          90067      0.33%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         184504      0.68%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          77807      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         418677      1.55%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         374521      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          71296      0.26%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         150791      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1156473      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     27084352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068453                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430136                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       21319337                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      3011657                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2514668                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         8080                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       230607                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       178075                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          243                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14965430                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1463                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       230607                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       21347844                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2793637                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       121261                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2497230                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        93770                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14956120                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           68                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        47462                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        31268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          925                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     17565589                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     70433678                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     70433678                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     15538795                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2026788                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1744                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          888                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          220531                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3526836                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1781782                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16520                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        86543                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14923867                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1750                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        14327905                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8210                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1179281                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2853975                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27084352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21939879     81.01%     81.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1569239      5.79%     86.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1272720      4.70%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       548042      2.02%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       686652      2.54%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650390      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369881      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29136      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18413      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27084352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36084     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275564     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8030      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8989695     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125170      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          856      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3435134     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1777050     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     14327905                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.482879                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319678                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022312                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56068050                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16105296                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14204775                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14647583                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26109                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       141495                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          400                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11883                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1258                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       230607                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2722861                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26972                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14925631                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3526836                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1781782                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          888                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16642                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          400                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        62043                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64424                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       126467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14227690                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3424267                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100215                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            5201108                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1864221                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1776841                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.479502                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             14205249                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            14204775                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7676369                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        15156557                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.478730                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506472                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11533657                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13553596                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1373624                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1727                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       110281                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26853745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21920094     81.63%     81.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1815078      6.76%     88.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846397      3.15%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       831176      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       230388      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       952103      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72499      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52945      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133065      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26853745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11533657                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13553596                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              5155232                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3385338                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1789578                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        12052474                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       131190                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       133065                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           41647861                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          30085077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                464281                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2587453                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11533657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13553596                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11533657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.572628                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.572628                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.388708                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.388708                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       70333375                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      16498642                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      17810552                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               29671668                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2183026                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1791147                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215625                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       901936                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         851767                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         222874                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9499                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20823099                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12401303                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2183026                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1074641                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2725403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        612710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1934979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1284393                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214299                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     25876729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       23151326     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         292655      1.13%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         340692      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         188264      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         218368      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         119093      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          81805      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         211811      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1272715      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     25876729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.073573                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.417951                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20656884                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2104953                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2703348                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        20536                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       391006                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       353215                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15134479                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        11446                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       391006                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20688556                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        719330                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1294524                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2692993                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        90318                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15124395                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        23910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        41457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     21017699                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     70410088                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     70410088                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17912710                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3104930                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3861                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2113                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          245465                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1446060                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       785009                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20611                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       173295                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15097493                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3865                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14254016                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20003                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1904283                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4425622                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25876729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19868260     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2418995      9.35%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1296147      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       899986      3.48%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       785649      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       401995      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96104      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        63170      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46423      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25876729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3663     11.94%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13194     42.99%     54.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13834     45.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11932481     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222610      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1744      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1318120      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       779061      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14254016                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.480391                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30691                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54435455                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17005809                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14016710                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14284707                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35868                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       258898                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          170                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16795                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          871                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          503                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       391006                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        674447                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15572                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15101384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2024                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1446060                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       785009                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2110                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10835                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          170                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124768                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121369                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       246137                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14043504                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1238203                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210512                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2017031                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1965032                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           778828                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473297                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14017057                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14016710                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8332427                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        21824351                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472394                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10519537                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12906501                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2195088                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3514                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       216615                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25485723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20210874     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2447519      9.60%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1024864      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       614692      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       427389      1.68%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       275443      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143148      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114833      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226961      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25485723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10519537                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12906501                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1955344                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1187149                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1754                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1847194                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11635801                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       262660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       226961                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           40360286                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          30594278                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                320590                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3794939                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10519537                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12906501                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10519537                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.820625                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.820625                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.354531                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.354531                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       63345960                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      19455411                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      14125380                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3510                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2576220                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2145160                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235699                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976973                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939669                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276582                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10911                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22406687                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             14132686                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2576220                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1216251                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2944401                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        657404                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2008127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1392979                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225342                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     27783896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       24839495     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         180105      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         226890      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         362361      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         151535      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         194981      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         227478      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         104992      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1496059      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     27783896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086824                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.476300                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       22279691                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2153130                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2930336                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1470                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       419268                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       391720                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     17274926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       419268                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       22302994                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         72280                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      2017134                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2908446                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        63766                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     17167182                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         9203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        44292                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     23976143                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     79825882                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     79825882                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     20031308                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3944835                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         4139                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          224544                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1609202                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       840202                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9488                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       190034                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         16759588                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4151                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        16067269                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16868                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2052076                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4195233                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          147                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27783896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20976506     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3103883     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1269252      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       713056      2.57%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       962639      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       297798      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291625      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156678      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12459      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27783896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110907     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15149     10.79%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14363     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13535676     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219559      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1987      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1472625      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837422      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     16067269                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.541500                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140419                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008739                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60075721                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18815921                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15648341                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     16207688                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12065                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307286                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12739                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       419268                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         55308                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6913                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16763745                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1609202                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840202                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2151                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6044                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139084                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132773                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       271857                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15787342                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1448173                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       279927                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2285469                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2231847                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           837296                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.532065                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             15648431                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            15648341                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         9374473                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        25187950                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.527381                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372181                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11653666                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     14360051                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2403744                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       237499                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27364628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21286018     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3080404     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1119150      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       557031      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509893      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213898      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211871      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100938      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285425      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27364628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11653666                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     14360051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2129379                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1301916                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1998                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          2081270                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        12928916                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       296550                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       285425                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           43842920                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          33946875                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                341960                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1887909                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11653666                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            14360051                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11653666                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.546135                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.546135                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392752                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392752                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       71032486                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      21866669                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15974947                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         4000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               29671804                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2021332                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1809844                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163335                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1366137                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1334817                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118255                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4818                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21459410                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11497382                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2021332                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1453072                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2563169                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        539038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       877117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1300489                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159969                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     25274535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       22711366     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         394590      1.56%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         194402      0.77%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         391096      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         120735      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         363811      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          56019      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          89993      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         952523      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     25274535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068123                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.387485                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       21276078                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1065715                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2557922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2050                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       372766                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       185490                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2048                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12821721                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4822                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       372766                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       21297527                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        710308                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       288118                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2536258                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        69554                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12801260                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        52531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     16731630                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     57963255                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     57963255                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     13499088                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3232532                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1667                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          845                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          165051                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2350455                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       365413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3156                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        81824                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12734025                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1673                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11903386                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7885                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2351512                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4838490                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25274535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20059282     79.37%     79.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1618716      6.40%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1771021      7.01%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1015638      4.02%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       520604      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       131874      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       150805      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3662      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2933      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25274535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19314     56.78%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8147     23.95%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6557     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9307582     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90755      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          823      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2142542     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       361684      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11903386                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.401168                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34018                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49123210                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15087255                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11595205                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     11937404                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       490534                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9608                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       372766                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        634523                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8490                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12735712                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1551                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2350455                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       365413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4226                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          265                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110129                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62647                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       172776                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11753477                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2111237                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       149909                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2472871                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1788600                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           361634                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.396116                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11598425                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11595205                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7023423                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        15159847                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.390782                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.463291                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9235578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     10366384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2369852                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       162142                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24901769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21057269     84.56%     84.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1499233      6.02%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       972395      3.90%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305903      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513939      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        98181      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62290      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56221      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336338      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24901769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9235578                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     10366384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2215725                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1859920                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1593073                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         9050409                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       126715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       336338                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37301628                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          25845528                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                486440                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               4397269                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9235578                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            10366384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9235578                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.212772                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.212772                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.311258                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.311258                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       54690103                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      15071816                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13672739                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               29671797                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2298657                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1880791                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227182                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       970034                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         904613                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237458                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10263                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22162936                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12845226                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2298657                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1142071                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2682881                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        617663                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1172512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles          755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1357566                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227196                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     26406652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       23723771     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         125420      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         199332      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         269346      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         276201      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         234098      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         131452      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         193980      0.73%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1253052      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     26406652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077469                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.432910                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       21938186                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1400255                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2677789                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         3126                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       387293                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       378183                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     15763813                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       387293                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       21998357                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        205024                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1057341                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2621489                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       137145                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     15757236                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        19623                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        59262                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     21991646                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     73296962                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     73296962                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     19069294                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2922352                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3868                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1991                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          411272                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1477575                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       798654                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9283                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       215989                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         15736119                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3881                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14952683                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2381                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1728237                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4122793                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          101                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26406652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20057256     75.96%     75.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2628388      9.95%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1327948      5.03%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       985460      3.73%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       775442      2.94%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314982      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199153      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       103761      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14262      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26406652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2630     10.46%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9136     36.33%     46.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13381     53.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12576541     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222576      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1874      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1355741      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       795951      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14952683                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.503936                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25147                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56339546                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17468299                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14724612                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14977830                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30851                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238781                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10603                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       387293                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        172794                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13384                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15740023                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4933                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1477575                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       798654                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1994                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11277                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131873                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127506                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       259379                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14743125                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1275374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       209558                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2071247                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2095844                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           795873                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.496873                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14724730                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14724612                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8453193                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        22778262                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.496249                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371108                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11116025                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13678373                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2061663                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3780                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       229800                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26019359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20388741     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2799284     10.76%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1050294      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499879      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434379      1.67%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       242572      0.93%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204749      0.79%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        95694      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303767      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26019359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11116025                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13678373                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2026845                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1238794                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1886                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1972473                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12324089                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       281734                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       303767                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           41455550                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          31867380                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                337852                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               3265145                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11116025                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13678373                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11116025                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.669281                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.669281                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.374633                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.374633                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       66355263                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      20514080                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14611777                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3776                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2576530                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2145385                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235931                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977617                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939842                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         277184                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10967                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22412707                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             14136806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2576530                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1217026                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2945075                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        658260                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1994581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1393543                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225515                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     27777677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.989125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       24832602     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         180181      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         225568      0.81%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         362589      1.31%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         152151      0.55%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         195225      0.70%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         227884      0.82%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         105488      0.38%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1495989      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     27777677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086834                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.476439                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       22286118                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2139174                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2931042                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1444                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       419898                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       391795                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     17281799                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       419898                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       22309169                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         71571                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      2004119                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2909411                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        63501                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     17175233                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         9049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        44192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     23986104                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     79867005                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     79867005                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     20037333                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3948708                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         4121                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          223222                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1610900                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       840625                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       190023                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         16768931                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4133                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        16076881                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2057302                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4202464                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27777677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20968126     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3103685     11.17%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1269625      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       712840      2.57%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       964116      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       298254      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291919      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156718      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12394      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27777677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110825     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15208     10.83%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14366     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13542779     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219740      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1987      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1474478      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837897      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     16076881                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.541823                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140399                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60088781                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18830471                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15655666                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     16217280                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11754                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308574                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12913                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       419898                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         54825                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6911                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16773070                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12746                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1610900                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840625                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6042                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139058                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132915                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       271973                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15795473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1449232                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       281408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2286998                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2232385                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           837766                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.532339                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             15655756                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            15655666                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         9380377                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        25205476                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527628                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372156                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11657153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     14364385                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2408678                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       237719                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27357779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21277448     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3081414     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1119332      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556971      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       510110      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       214142      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211911      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100830      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285621      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27357779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11657153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     14364385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2130011                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1302311                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1998                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          2081911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        12932825                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       296648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       285621                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           43845143                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          33966112                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                342066                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1894128                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11657153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            14364385                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11657153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.545373                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.545373                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.392870                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.392870                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       71068978                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      21877233                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15979684                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         4000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2575106                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2144257                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235537                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976821                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939558                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276512                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10922                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22399587                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             14127408                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2575106                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1216070                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2943600                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        656775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      2011881                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         7587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1392477                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225219                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     27781802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       24838202     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         180016      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         227253      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         362395      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         151438      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         194765      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         227321      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         104819      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1495593      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     27781802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086786                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.476122                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       22275317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2156671                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2929534                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1479                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       418800                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       391517                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     17268435                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       418800                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       22298560                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         72164                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2020832                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2907710                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        63728                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     17160939                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        44302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     23968267                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     79798152                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     79798152                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     20027646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3940613                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         4134                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2148                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          224567                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1608491                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       839894                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9483                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       190106                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         16753980                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4147                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        16062429                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16869                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2049601                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4190623                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          143                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27781802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20976065     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3103411     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1268840      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       713030      2.57%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       961999      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       297913      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291582      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156501      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12461      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27781802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110931     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15129     10.77%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14362     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13531581     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219572      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1986      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1472166      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837124      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     16062429                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.541336                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140422                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008742                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60063943                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18807834                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15643905                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     16202851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12068                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       306825                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12594                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       418800                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         55131                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6947                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16758132                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1608491                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839894                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2147                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6083                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139181                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132499                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       271680                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15782721                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1447662                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       279700                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2284665                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2231143                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           837003                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.531910                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             15643997                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            15643905                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         9372494                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        25182537                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527231                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372182                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11651519                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14357386                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2400771                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       237336                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27363002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21285542     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3079790     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118815      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       557031      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509867      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213886      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211825      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100943      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285303      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27363002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11651519                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14357386                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2128957                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1301666                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1998                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          2080877                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        12926533                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       296500                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       285303                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           43835778                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          33935147                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                341821                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1890003                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11651519                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14357386                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11651519                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.546604                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.546604                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.392680                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.392680                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       71012532                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      21860764                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15969115                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         4000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2080768                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701881                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853956                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         818629                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212801                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20194464                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11811981                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2080768                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1031430                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2472596                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        599485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       981277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1243711                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206495                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24039661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21567065     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         134257      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         211034      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         335670      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         139774      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         155801      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         166306      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         109131      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1220623      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24039661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070126                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.398088                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20003612                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1175809                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2464635                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         6330                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       389272                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       340665                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14416449                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1602                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       389272                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20035004                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        286383                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       798039                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2440071                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        90887                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14405897                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         3024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        24711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        33910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5680                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19998272                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     67007118                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     67007118                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17025960                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2972246                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3742                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2092                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          273475                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372708                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       738265                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22256                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       169138                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14385783                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3754                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13600645                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1842886                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4136970                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          430                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24039661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18301433     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2306271      9.59%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257272      5.23%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859712      3.58%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802454      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229349      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180061      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61105      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42004      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24039661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3176     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9582     38.23%     50.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12309     49.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11392325     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215252      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1258208      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733214      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13600645                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.458369                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25067                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51284003                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16232579                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13380841                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13625712                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41025                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248946                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23926                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          871                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       389272                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        192953                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13040                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14389562                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372708                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738265                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2093                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9959                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119730                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117602                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       237332                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13406927                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183096                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193717                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1915969                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1886211                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           732873                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.451841                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13381036                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13380841                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7822186                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20427757                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.450961                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382919                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001327                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12258793                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2130842                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3324                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       209548                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23650389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18671248     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412257     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939643      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505668      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377720      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211128      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130872      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116330      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285523      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23650389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10001327                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12258793                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1838101                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1123762                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1658                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1759858                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11045923                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       249038                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       285523                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37754436                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29168607                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                329128                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               5632144                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10001327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12258793                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10001327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.966787                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.966787                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.337065                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.337065                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60457830                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18548020                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13450643                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2574884                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2143805                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235574                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977302                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939189                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276671                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22391117                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             14124881                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2574884                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1215860                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2943216                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        657601                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2026214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1392176                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225235                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     27785562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       24842346     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         180269      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         226253      0.81%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         362028      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         152040      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         195173      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         227025      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         105056      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1495372      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     27785562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086779                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.476037                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       22264476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      2170815                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2929221                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1447                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       419602                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       391767                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     17268365                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1647                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       419602                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       22287595                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         71497                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2035874                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2907457                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        63529                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     17161493                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        44090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     23965207                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     79799453                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     79799453                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     20017223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3947934                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         4121                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2136                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          223788                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1610046                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       839890                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9260                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       190283                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         16753673                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4133                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        16059871                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17161                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2055340                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4207484                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27785562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20981839     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3101696     11.16%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1268634      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       712803      2.57%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       961992      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       298153      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291663      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156469      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12313      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27785562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110711     78.90%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15267     10.88%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14345     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13528533     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219338      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1985      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1472854      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837161      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     16059871                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.541250                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140323                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008737                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60062788                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18813248                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15640150                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     16200194                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11808                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       309025                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          104                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13012                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       419602                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         54706                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6832                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16757809                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1610046                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839890                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2135                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5956                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          104                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       138895                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132749                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       271644                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15779688                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1447841                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       280183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2284875                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2230745                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           837034                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.531807                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             15640247                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            15640150                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         9369364                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        25174600                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.527105                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372175                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11645490                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     14350011                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2407779                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4000                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       237362                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27365960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21291700     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3078422     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118191      4.09%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556210      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509676      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213749      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211939      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       101090      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       284983      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27365960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11645490                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     14350011                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2127874                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1301008                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1996                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          2079835                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        12919876                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       296351                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       284983                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           43838689                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          33935260                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                341742                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1886243                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11645490                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            14350011                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11645490                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.547922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.547922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.392477                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.392477                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       70996146                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      21853841                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      15966214                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2027703                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1828997                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       107905                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       780332                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         723439                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111446                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4762                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21492929                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12732582                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2027703                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       834885                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2519052                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        339938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2793935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1234713                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108150                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     27035268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       24516216     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          90054      0.33%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         183650      0.68%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          77708      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         418197      1.55%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         374463      1.39%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          71370      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         150534      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1153076      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     27035268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068338                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.429114                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       21268099                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      3020445                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2509550                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         8066                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       229105                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       178497                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14932214                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1506                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       229105                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       21296856                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2792392                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       129477                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2491970                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        95465                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14923086                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           80                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        48979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        31483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1049                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17522237                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     70276240                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     70276240                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15511604                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2010623                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1746                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          222810                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3522176                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1778876                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16743                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        86237                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14891594                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1753                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14303562                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8643                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1170157                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2816672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27035268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21896501     80.99%     80.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1568442      5.80%     86.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1274151      4.71%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       546045      2.02%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       684314      2.53%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649291      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369032      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29156      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18336      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27035268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36025     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275093     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8033      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8973840     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       124712      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          855      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3429968     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1774187     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14303562                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.482059                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319151                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022313                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     55970186                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16063907                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14179955                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14622713                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26427                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       142933                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          404                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12146                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1258                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       229105                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2719525                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27470                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14893366                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3522176                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1778876                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          891                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16824                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          404                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61393                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64567                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       125960                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14203551                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3418845                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100011                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            5192826                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1861290                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1773981                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.478688                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14180444                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14179955                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7662964                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        15135115                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.477893                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506304                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11513383                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13529679                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1365356                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1727                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       110055                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26806163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21880218     81.62%     81.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1813279      6.76%     88.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845075      3.15%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       829869      3.10%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       229605      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       949777      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72254      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52874      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133212      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26806163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11513383                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13529679                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              5145973                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3379243                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1786378                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12031224                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       130947                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       133212                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           41567947                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          30019203                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                463098                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2636537                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11513383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13529679                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11513383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.577158                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.577158                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.388024                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.388024                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       70213379                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16468312                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      17771508                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2026339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1813223                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163329                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1371399                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1336563                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118397                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4843                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21494625                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11518306                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2026339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1454960                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2566658                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        538623                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       889831                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1302121                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159947                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     25325538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       22758880     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         395707      1.56%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         193620      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         391199      1.54%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         120695      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         364050      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          56043      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          90604      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         954740      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     25325538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068292                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.388190                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       21311575                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1078171                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2561446                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1999                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       372343                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       186919                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2056                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12844577                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         4849                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       372343                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       21332970                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        732205                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       278779                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2539717                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        69520                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12824052                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         9770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        52444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     16762954                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     58057685                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     58057685                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     13533702                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3229227                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1682                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          857                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          165204                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2351651                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       366557                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3121                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        81874                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12756033                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1688                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        11925609                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8051                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2348374                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4825746                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25325538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20099169     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1623626      6.41%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1774462      7.01%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1016981      4.02%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       522068      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       131077      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151575      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3631      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2949      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25325538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19559     57.04%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8144     23.75%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6586     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9327164     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        91105      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          826      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2143643     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       362871      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     11925609                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.401917                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34289                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002875                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49219096                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15106136                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11618770                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     11959898                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9114                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       488377                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9548                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       372343                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        656664                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8561                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12757735                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          416                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2351651                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       366557                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          855                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4338                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          249                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109815                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62798                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       172613                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11776450                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2113853                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       149159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2476675                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1793196                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           362822                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.396890                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             11622078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            11618770                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7036320                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        15181661                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.391576                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.463475                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9257268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     10391835                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2366408                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1668                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       162134                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24953195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21098958     84.55%     84.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1503508      6.03%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974623      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       307096      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       514661      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        98201      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62298      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56444      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       337406      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24953195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9257268                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     10391835                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2220283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1863274                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1596816                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9073031                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       127135                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       337406                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37373993                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          25889125                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                486586                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               4346267                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9257268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            10391835                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9257268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.205244                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.205244                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.311989                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.311989                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       54792850                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      15104162                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13697619                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1666                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2036056                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1836903                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108379                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       781089                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         725777                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111815                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4751                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21570965                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12793777                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2036056                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       837592                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2530562                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        343775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      2760091                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1239354                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108610                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     27095999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.554060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       24565437     90.66%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          90920      0.34%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         184511      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          77910      0.29%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         419789      1.55%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         375144      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          71614      0.26%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         150820      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1159854      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     27095999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.068619                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.431176                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       21336132                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2998275                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2521094                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         8018                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       232477                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       178883                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          243                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15003009                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1476                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       232477                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       21365566                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2766682                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       131038                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2502957                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        97276                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14993932                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           55                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        50661                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        32038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          606                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     17611441                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     70609999                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     70609999                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15568066                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2043363                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1747                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          889                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          228392                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3534071                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1784839                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16691                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        87547                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14962223                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1753                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14358856                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8615                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1193527                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2894083                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27095999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21936402     80.96%     80.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1575779      5.82%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1276824      4.71%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       550446      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688459      2.54%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650817      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369198      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29610      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18464      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27095999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36266     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275380     86.13%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8079      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9011280     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125559      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          858      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3441182     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1779977     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14358856                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.483923                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319725                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022267                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56142051                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16157910                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14234348                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14678581                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25873                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       143884                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           66                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          409                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12341                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1261                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       232477                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2690927                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        28882                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14963997                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          171                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3534071                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1784839                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          889                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        17579                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          409                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61997                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64789                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       126786                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14257875                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3429664                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100981                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            5209430                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1867790                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1779766                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.480519                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14234836                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14234348                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7692603                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        15201301                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.479726                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506049                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11553858                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     13577602                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1388009                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       110525                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26863522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21919027     81.59%     81.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1821280      6.78%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       847994      3.16%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       832560      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       231051      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       951974      3.54%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72750      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53008      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133878      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26863522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11553858                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     13577602                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              5162678                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3390180                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1792836                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        12073896                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       131496                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       133878                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           41695216                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          30163740                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                464302                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2575806                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11553858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            13577602                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11553858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.568130                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.568130                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.389388                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.389388                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       70475886                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      16533861                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      17848835                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1728                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               29671462                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2079396                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700842                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205834                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852520                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817468                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212985                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9124                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20191762                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11806486                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2079396                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1030453                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2471294                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        600663                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       978647                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1244002                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206894                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     24032023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21560729     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         133354      0.55%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         210769      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         335971      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         139964      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         155992      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         166555      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         108964      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1219725      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     24032023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070081                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.397907                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19997226                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1175064                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2463273                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         6409                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       390048                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       340366                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14410649                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1603                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       390048                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20028546                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        231435                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       851875                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2438934                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        91180                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14400424                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         3177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        25009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        33999                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5771                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19989557                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     66983517                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     66983517                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17007863                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2981575                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3730                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2082                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          273309                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372262                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       737518                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22226                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       168482                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14380001                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3739                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13591456                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17469                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1852013                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4150986                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          420                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24032023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18297760     76.14%     76.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2305197      9.59%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1256295      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       857752      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802849      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229091      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180001      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61068      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42010      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24032023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3216     12.88%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9460     37.89%     50.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12294     49.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11386535     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214931      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1645      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1255742      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732603      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13591456                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.458065                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24970                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51257374                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16235899                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13370590                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13616426                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41105                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249733                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          149                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23946                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          869                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       390048                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        151795                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12832                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383759                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          894                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372262                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737518                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2081                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9588                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          149                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119556                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118130                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       237686                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13395840                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1180925                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1913209                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1884438                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           732284                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.451472                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13370790                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13370590                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7817209                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20424321                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.450621                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382740                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9990686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12245652                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2138105                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       209966                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23641975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369342                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18668316     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2409529     10.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938570      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505250      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       376893      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211046      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131309      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115919      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285143      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23641975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9990686                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12245652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1836079                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1122513                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1757926                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11034102                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       248759                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       285143                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37740524                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29157687                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                330018                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               5639439                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9990686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12245652                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9990686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.969912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.969912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.336710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.336710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60406518                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18533870                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13443506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2021018                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1808877                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       162975                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1368755                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1334455                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117922                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4753                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21444003                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11488833                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2021018                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1452377                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2559917                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        537994                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       903299                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1299225                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159601                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     25281376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       22721459     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         394007      1.56%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         193097      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         390585      1.54%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         120523      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         363616      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          56374      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          90346      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         951369      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     25281376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068112                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.387197                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       21259892                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1092738                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2554653                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2009                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       372080                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       186117                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2052                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12810037                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         4846                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       372080                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       21281466                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        734622                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       290636                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2532844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        69724                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12789309                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         9726                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        52711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     16715443                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     57899128                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     57899128                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     13486980                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3228446                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1674                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          853                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          165637                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2347321                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       364945                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3115                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        82312                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12721214                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1680                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        11891980                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8094                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2347937                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4826604                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25281376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20069403     79.38%     79.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1618298      6.40%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1770935      7.00%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1014980      4.01%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       519460      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130221      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151572      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3561      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2946      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25281376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19423     56.97%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8121     23.82%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6549     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9298865     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90680      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          822      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2140384     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       361229      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     11891980                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.400784                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34093                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49107523                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15070869                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11584999                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     11926073                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8815                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       488674                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9596                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       372080                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        658664                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8698                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12722908                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2347321                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       364945                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          851                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4431                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          259                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110100                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62445                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       172545                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11743587                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2110211                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       148393                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2471388                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1787973                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           361177                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.395783                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             11588286                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            11584999                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7016054                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        15134462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.390438                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.463581                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9227873                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     10357238                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2366194                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       161780                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24909296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21067753     84.58%     84.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1498882      6.02%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       971604      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305417      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       512933      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97944      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62166      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56327      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336270      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24909296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9227873                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     10357238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2213993                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1858644                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1591690                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         9042272                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       126546                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       336270                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37296419                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          25819247                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                485753                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               4390429                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9227873                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            10357238                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9227873                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.215454                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.215454                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.310998                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.310998                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       54641507                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      15058448                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13662558                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3350                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.561345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         123678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        22.911819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.134799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.728573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   929.261373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1086.436600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.453741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.530487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4013                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3350                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3096383681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3150681229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104469224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3158766772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104469224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3158766772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 935180.815766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 941907.691779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936209.054282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 942915.454328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936209.054282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 942915.454328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2805650535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2856962883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813297078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864609426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813297078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864609426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 847372.556629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854099.516592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848400.807600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855107.291343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848400.807600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855107.291343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          980                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.462522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         182328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        60.214003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.462522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    28.722976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   457.660953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1522.616071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.014025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.223467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.743465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3191                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3193                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          946                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 980                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97110334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    790622783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     887733117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97110334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    790622783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      887733117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97110334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    790622783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     887733117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              4156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               4173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              4173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.229612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.228668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.228668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2856186.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 835753.470402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 905850.119388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2856186.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 835753.470402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 905850.119388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2856186.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 835753.470402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 905850.119388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94124365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    707539368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    801663733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94124365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    707539368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    801663733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94124365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    707539368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    801663733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.229612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.228668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.228668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2768363.676471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 747927.450317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818024.217347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2768363.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 747927.450317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818024.217347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2768363.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 747927.450317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818024.217347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         3590                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.897980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         154584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         5638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        27.418233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.027206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.414735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1198.474642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         829.981397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.007038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.585193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.405264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  4805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1499                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1499                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   4808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4807                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  4808                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                3584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 3590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3555                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                3590                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73635587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3382575883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3456211470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6973236                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6973236                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73635587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3389549119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     3463184706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73635587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3389549119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    3463184706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              8389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1499                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1499                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               8398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              8398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.424877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.427226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.425138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.427483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.425138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.427483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2103873.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 953106.757678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964344.718192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1162206                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1162206                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2103873.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 953459.667792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 964675.405571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2103873.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 953459.667792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 964675.405571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                619                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     619                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            3590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           3590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70562587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3070973683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3141536270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6446436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6446436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70562587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3077420119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3147982706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70562587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3077420119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3147982706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.424877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.425138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.425138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2016073.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 865306.757678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876544.718192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1074406                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1074406                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2016073.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 865659.667792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876875.405571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2016073.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 865659.667792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876875.405571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         2029                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.552418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         180263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         4077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        44.214619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.778508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.617259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   854.474924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1122.681727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.011044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.417224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.548184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                2080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3834                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3835                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                2025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 2027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                2027                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68021377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1721426315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1789447692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2437829                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437829                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68021377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1723864144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1791885521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68021377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1723864144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1791885521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              5845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            2080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               5862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              5862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.342459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1889482.694444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 865473.260432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883677.872593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1218914.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218914.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1889482.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 865828.299347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 884008.643809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1889482.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 865828.299347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 884008.643809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               1137                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    1137                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           2027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64859075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1546839720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1611698795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2262229                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262229                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64859075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1549101949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1613961024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64859075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1549101949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1613961024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.342459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1801640.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 777697.194570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795900.639506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1131114.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1131114.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1801640.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 778052.209442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796231.388259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1801640.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 778052.209442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796231.388259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          980                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.513142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         182352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        60.221929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.513142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    29.259567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   457.315045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1522.425388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.223298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.743372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3207                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3209                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 980                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93562429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    795381961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     888944390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93562429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    795381961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      888944390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93562429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    795381961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     888944390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              4174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               4189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              4189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.228240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.227415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.227415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2598956.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 842565.636653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 907086.112245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2598956.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 842565.636653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 907086.112245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2598956.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 842565.636653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 907086.112245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90398815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    712482655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    802881470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90398815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    712482655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    802881470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90398815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    712482655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    802881470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.228240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.227415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.227415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2511078.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 754748.575212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819266.806122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2511078.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 754748.575212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819266.806122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2511078.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 754748.575212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819266.806122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         2138                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.790932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         121243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         4186                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        28.963927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.739997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.378713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   933.550942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1066.121279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.008974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.455835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.520567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3770                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3771                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                2138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 2138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                2138                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50361470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1669875552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1720237022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50361470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1669875552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1720237022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50361470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1669875552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1720237022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1678715.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 792161.077799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 804601.039289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1678715.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 792161.077799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 804601.039289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1678715.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 792161.077799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 804601.039289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                316                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     316                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            2138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           2138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47727470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1484793152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1532520622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47727470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1484793152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1532520622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47727470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1484793152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1532520622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590915.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 704361.077799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716801.039289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590915.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 704361.077799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716801.039289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590915.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 704361.077799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716801.039289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         1331                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.550843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         158731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        46.975732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.040341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.466217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   621.464849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1370.579436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.013900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.303450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.669228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1012                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                1012                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3121                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3123                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                1331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 1331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1291                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                1331                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70955642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1091408974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1162364616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70955642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1091408974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1162364616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70955642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1091408974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1162364616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              4436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1012                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            1012                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               4454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              4454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1773891.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845398.120837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873301.740045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1773891.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845398.120837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 873301.740045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1773891.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845398.120837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 873301.740045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                570                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     570                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            1330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67442110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    978000614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1045442724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67442110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    978000614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1045442724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67442110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    978000614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1045442724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1686052.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 758140.010853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786047.160902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1686052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 758140.010853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786047.160902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1686052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 758140.010853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786047.160902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          979                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.461493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         182328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        60.233895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.461493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    28.723349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   457.625447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1522.651204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.014025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.223450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.743482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3191                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3193                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 980                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93738286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    786529454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     880267740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93738286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    786529454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      880267740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93738286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    786529454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     880267740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.229612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.228668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.228668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2757008.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 831426.484144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 898232.387755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2757008.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 831426.484144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 898232.387755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2757008.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 831426.484144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 898232.387755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90752087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    703539998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    794292085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90752087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    703539998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    794292085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90752087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    703539998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    794292085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.229612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.228668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.228668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2669179.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 743699.786469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810502.127551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2669179.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 743699.786469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810502.127551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2669179.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 743699.786469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810502.127551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          980                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.513413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         182354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        60.222589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.513413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    29.254310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   457.003214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1522.742476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.014284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.223146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.743527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3209                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3211                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 980                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100007389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    794461253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     894468642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100007389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    794461253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      894468642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100007389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    794461253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     894468642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               4191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              4191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.228130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.227306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.227306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2777983.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841590.310381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 912723.104082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2777983.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841590.310381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 912723.104082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2777983.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841590.310381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 912723.104082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96846589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    711569855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    808416444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96846589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    711569855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    808416444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96846589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    711569855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    808416444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.228130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.227306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.227306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2690183.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 753781.626059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 824914.738776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2690183.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 753781.626059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 824914.738776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2690183.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 753781.626059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 824914.738776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         3402                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.577060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         123698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         5450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        22.696881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.165135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.320979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   940.651476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1074.439471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.459302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.524629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4031                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4032                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                3397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 3402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3367                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                3402                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98445914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3082887648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3181333562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8574450                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8574450                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98445914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3091462098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     3189908012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98445914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3091462098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    3189908012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              7419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               7434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              7434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2812740.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 916980.264128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936512.676479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1714890                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1714890                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2812740.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 918165.161271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 937656.676073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2812740.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 918165.161271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 937656.676073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                514                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     514                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            3402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           3402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     95360035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2786410928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2881770963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8133200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8133200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     95360035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2794544128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2889904163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     95360035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2794544128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2889904163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2724572.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 828795.635931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848328.219900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1626640                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1626640                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2724572.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829980.435996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849472.123163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2724572.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829980.435996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849472.123163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          978                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.440313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         182324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        60.252479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.440313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.404544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   457.217756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1523.377700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.013869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.223251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.743837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3187                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3189                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 979                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94814870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    805049555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     899864425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94814870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    805049555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      899864425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94814870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    805049555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     899864425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              4151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               4168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              4168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.229648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.228703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.228703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2788672.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 851904.291005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919166.930541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2788672.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 851904.291005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919166.930541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2788672.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 851904.291005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919166.930541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     91829670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    722166355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    813996025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     91829670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    722166355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    813996025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     91829670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    722166355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    813996025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.229648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.228703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.228703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2700872.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 764197.201058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831456.613892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2700872.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 764197.201058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831456.613892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2700872.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 764197.201058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831456.613892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         3581                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.897782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         154577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         5629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        27.460828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.039147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    15.277293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1197.391929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         830.189413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.007460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.584664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.405366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  4796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   4799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4798                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  4799                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                3575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 3581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3546                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                3581                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86060915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3388440189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3474501104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9870980                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9870980                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86060915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3398311169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     3484372084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86060915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3398311169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    3484372084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              8371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               8380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              8380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.427070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.427327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.427327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2458883.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 957186.494068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 971888.420699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1645163.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1645163.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2458883.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 958350.583474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 973016.499302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2458883.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 958350.583474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 973016.499302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                616                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     616                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            3581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           3581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     82984960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3077545860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3160530820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9344180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9344180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     82984960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3086890040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3169875000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     82984960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3086890040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3169875000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2370998.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 869363.237288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 884064.565035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1557363.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1557363.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2370998.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 870527.366046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885192.683608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2370998.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 870527.366046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885192.683608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         2139                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.816233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         121279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         4187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        28.965608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.738012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.258311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   936.611275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1063.208635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.008915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.457330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.519145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            676                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 676                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3802                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3803                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                2139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 2139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                2139                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68661207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1667979489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1736640696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68661207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1667979489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1736640696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68661207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1667979489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1736640696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              5933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          676                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             676                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               5942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              5942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.357336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.360526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.359980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.359980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2288706.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 790886.433855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811893.733520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2288706.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 790886.433855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811893.733520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2288706.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 790886.433855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811893.733520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                316                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     316                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            2139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66026483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1482790131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548816614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66026483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1482790131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548816614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66026483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1482790131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548816614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.357336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2200882.766667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 703077.349929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724084.438523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2200882.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 703077.349929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724084.438523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2200882.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 703077.349929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724084.438523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         3585                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.898637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         154604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         5633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        27.446121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.015624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    15.257509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1201.101716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         826.523788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.007450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.586475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.403576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  4822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1502                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1502                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   4825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4824                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  4825                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                3579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 3585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3550                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                3585                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72824513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3352630269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3425454782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8045555                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8045555                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72824513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3360675824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     3433500337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72824513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3360675824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    3433500337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              8401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1502                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1502                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               8410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              8410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.426021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.426278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.426278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2080700.371429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 946001.768905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957098.290584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1340925.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1340925.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2080700.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 946669.246197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957740.679777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2080700.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 946669.246197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957740.679777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                619                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     619                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            3585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           3585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69750435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3041425223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3111175658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7518755                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7518755                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69750435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3048943978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3118694413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69750435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3048943978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3118694413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1992869.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 858189.961343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869286.297290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1253125.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1253125.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1992869.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 858857.458592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869928.706555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1992869.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 858857.458592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869928.706555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         3392                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.575241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         123685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         5440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        22.736213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.167304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.503168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   938.130013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1076.774757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.458071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.525769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  4010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   4020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4019                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  4020                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                3388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 3393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3358                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                3393                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76648256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3132232190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3208880446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6809110                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6809110                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76648256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3139041300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     3215689556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76648256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3139041300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    3215689556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              7398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               7413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              7413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2189950.171429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 934158.124068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947131.182409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1361822                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1361822                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2189950.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 934794.907683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947742.279988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2189950.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 934794.907683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947742.279988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                507                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     507                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            3393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           3393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73575044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2837849357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2911424401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6370110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6370110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73575044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2844219467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2917794511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73575044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2844219467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2917794511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2102144.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 846361.275574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859334.238784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1274022                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1274022                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2102144.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 846998.054497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859945.331860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2102144.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 846998.054497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859945.331860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2139                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.793313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         121268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         4187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        28.962981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.741817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.852809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   934.609972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1064.588715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.009205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.456353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.519819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            670                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 670                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3797                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3798                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2108                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2139                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58517201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1688654909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1747172110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58517201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1688654909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1747172110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58517201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1688654909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1747172110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              5928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          670                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             670                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               5937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              5937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.360830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.360283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.360283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1887651.645161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 801069.691176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816817.255727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1887651.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 801069.691176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816817.255727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1887651.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 801069.691176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816817.255727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                315                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     315                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55794970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1503514946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559309916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55794970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1503514946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559309916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55794970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1503514946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559309916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1799837.741935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713242.384250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728990.143058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1799837.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713242.384250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728990.143058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1799837.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713242.384250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728990.143058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              520.598485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001250709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1907144.207619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.598485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.049036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166551053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21960.845596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.095952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.904048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.891000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.109000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8585112097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8585112097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660900769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8660900769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660900769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8660900769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 447001.567062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447001.567062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448728.085022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448728.085022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448728.085022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448728.085022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3386952641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3386952641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395800862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395800862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395800862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395800862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463204.682850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463204.682850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463400.772653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463400.772653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463400.772653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463400.772653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              486.961015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              998756015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2034126.303462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.961015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.051220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1393495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1393495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1393495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1393495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1393495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1393495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    149965183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149965183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    149965183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149965183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    149965183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149965183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1393543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1393543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1393543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1393543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1393543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1393543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3124274.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3124274.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3124274.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3124274.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3124274.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3124274.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2733185                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 683296.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97521988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97521988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97521988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97521988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97521988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97521988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2708944.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2708944.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2708944.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2708944.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2708944.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2708944.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              148301316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             33766.237705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   218.611650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    37.388350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.853952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.146048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1110331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       823555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       823555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1933886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1933886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1933886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1933886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        10754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        10754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2404605120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2404605120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7214208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7214208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2411819328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2411819328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2411819328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2411819328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1120981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1120981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       823659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       823659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1944640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1944640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1944640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1944640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 225784.518310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225784.518310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 69367.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69367.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 224271.836340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224271.836340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 224271.836340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224271.836340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         6530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         6617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         6617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1004225212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1004225212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1202215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1202215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1005427427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1005427427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1005427427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1005427427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 243743.983495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243743.983495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 70718.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70718.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 243032.977278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243032.977278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 243032.977278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243032.977278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              569.092179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1026178498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1772329.012090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    27.681051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.411128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.044361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1237172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1237172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1237172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1237172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1237172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1237172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100691525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100691525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100691525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100691525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100691525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100691525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1237228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1237228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1237228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1237228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1237228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1237228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1798062.946429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1798062.946429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1798062.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1798062.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1798062.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1798062.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       314994                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       157497                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73992266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73992266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73992266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73992266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73992266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73992266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2055340.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055340.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2055340.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055340.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2055340.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055340.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 8362                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              404538212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 8618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             46941.078208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.122422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.877578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.434072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.565928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3230322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3230322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1768110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1768110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          869                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          869                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4998432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4998432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4998432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4998432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        30497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        30497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14215442660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14215442660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23733567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23733567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14239176227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14239176227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14239176227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14239176227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3260789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3260789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1768140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1768140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      5028929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5028929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      5028929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5028929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 466584.916795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466584.916795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 791118.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 791118.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 466904.161950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 466904.161950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 466904.161950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 466904.161950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        22114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        22135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        22135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3740389996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3740389996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7215336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7215336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3747605332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3747605332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3747605332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3747605332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 447790.015084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447790.015084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       801704                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       801704                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 448170.931834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448170.931834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 448170.931834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448170.931834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              512.434057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              996846791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1920706.726397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.434057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.048773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1284345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1284345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1284345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1284345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1284345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1284345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92102872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92102872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92102872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92102872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92102872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92102872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1284393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1284393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1284393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1284393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1284393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1284393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1918809.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1918809.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1918809.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1918809.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1918809.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1918809.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68426832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68426832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68426832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68426832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68426832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68426832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1849373.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849373.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1849373.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849373.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1849373.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849373.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5824                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              157766096                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 6080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             25948.371053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   226.844047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    29.155953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.886110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.113890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       903955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        903955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       763761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       763761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1755                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1755                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1667716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1667716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1667716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1667716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        20788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        20788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8356943406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8356943406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    512216998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    512216998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8869160404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8869160404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8869160404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8869160404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       924064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       924064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       764440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       764440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1755                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1755                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1688504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1688504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1688504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1688504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000888                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000888                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 415582.247054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 415582.247054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 754369.658321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 754369.658321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426648.085626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426648.085626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426648.085626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426648.085626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5883538                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 588353.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            2080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1989141142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1989141142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3429782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3429782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1992570924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1992570924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1992570924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1992570924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342482.978994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342482.978994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 201751.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201751.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342072.261631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342072.261631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342072.261631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342072.261631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              487.494130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              998755447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2025873.117647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.494130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.052074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1392927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1392927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1392927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1392927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1392927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1392927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144099928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144099928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144099928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144099928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144099928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144099928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1392977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1392977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1392977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1392977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1392977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1392977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2881998.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2881998.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2881998.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2881998.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2881998.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2881998.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2730315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 682578.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93995957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93995957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93995957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93995957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93995957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93995957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473577.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2473577.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473577.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2473577.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473577.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2473577.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4151                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              148299771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             33650.957794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   218.588173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    37.411827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.853860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.146140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1108955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       823367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       823367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1932322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1932322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1932322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1932322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        10789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        10789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2404975170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2404975170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4789640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4789640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2409764810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2409764810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2409764810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2409764810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1119689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       823422                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       823422                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1943111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1943111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1943111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1943111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 224052.093348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224052.093348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87084.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87084.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 223353.861340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223353.861340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 223353.861340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223353.861340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6638                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6638                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1011455156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011455156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1014923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1014923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1012470079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1012470079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1012470079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1012470079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 244549.118956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244549.118956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67661.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67661.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 243909.920260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243909.920260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 243909.920260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243909.920260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              553.456500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              915118993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1639998.195341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    27.395238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.061262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.043903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1300446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1300446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1300446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1300446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1300446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1300446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64271490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64271490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64271490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64271490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64271490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64271490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1300489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1300489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1300489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1300489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1300489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1300489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1494685.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1494685.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1494685.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1494685.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1494685.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1494685.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50694550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50694550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50694550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50694550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50694550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50694550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635308.064516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635308.064516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635308.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635308.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635308.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635308.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5878                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              204392161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 6134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             33321.186991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   185.708288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    70.291712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.725423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.274577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1934022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1934022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       354089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       354089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2288111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2288111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2288111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2288111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        20868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        20868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9433880914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9433880914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3147193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3147193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9437028107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9437028107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9437028107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9437028107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1954853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1954853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       354126                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       354126                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2308979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2308979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2308979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2308979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 452877.006097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 452877.006097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85059.270270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85059.270270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 452224.846991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 452224.846991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 452224.846991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 452224.846991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14990                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14990                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1934135315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934135315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1934712215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934712215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1934712215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934712215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 329551.084512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329551.084512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 329144.643586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329144.643586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 329144.643586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329144.643586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              508.812209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              995620612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1925765.206963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.812209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.054186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1357510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1357510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1357510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1357510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1357510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1357510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87446887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87446887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87446887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87446887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87446887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87446887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1357565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1357565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1357565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1357565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1357565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1357565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1589943.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1589943.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1589943.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1589943.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1589943.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1589943.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       324947                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       324947                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71431839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71431839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71431839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71431839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71431839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71431839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1700758.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1700758.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1700758.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1700758.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1700758.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1700758.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 4412                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              151944069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             32550.143316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   223.758578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    32.241422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.874057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.125943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       933010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        933010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       784323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1888                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1888                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1717333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1717333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1717333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1717333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        14114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        14114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4810564843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4810564843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8789962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8789962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4819354805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4819354805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4819354805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4819354805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       947018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       947018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       784429                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       784429                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1888                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1888                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1731447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1731447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.014792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 343415.537050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 343415.537050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 82924.169811                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82924.169811                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 341459.175641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 341459.175641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 341459.175641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 341459.175641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1012                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1012                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1304289093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1304289093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1185677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1185677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1305474770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305474770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1305474770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305474770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 296834.113109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296834.113109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65870.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65870.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 295891.833636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295891.833636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 295891.833636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295891.833636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              486.960515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              998756013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2034126.299389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    31.960515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.051219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1393493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1393493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1393493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1393493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1393493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1393493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144143401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144143401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144143401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144143401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144143401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144143401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1393541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1393541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1393541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1393541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1393541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1393541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3002987.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3002987.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3002987.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3002987.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3002987.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3002987.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2732231                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 683057.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94150076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94150076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94150076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94150076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94150076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94150076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2615279.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2615279.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2615279.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2615279.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2615279.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2615279.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148301312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             33766.236794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   218.595798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    37.404202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.853890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.146110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1110327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       823555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       823555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1933882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1933882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1933882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1933882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        10754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        10754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2395117003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2395117003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7231637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7231637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2402348640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2402348640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2402348640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2402348640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1120977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1120977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       823659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       823659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1944636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1944636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1944636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1944636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 224893.615305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224893.615305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69534.971154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69534.971154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 223391.169797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223391.169797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 223391.169797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223391.169797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1001353542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1001353542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1204286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1204286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1002557828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002557828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1002557828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002557828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 243046.976214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243046.976214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 70840.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70840.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 242339.334784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242339.334784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 242339.334784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242339.334784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              487.486000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              998754942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2025872.093306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    32.486000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.052061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1392422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1392422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1392422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1392422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1392422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1392422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    156478636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156478636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    156478636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    156478636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    156478636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    156478636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1392475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1392475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1392475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1392475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1392475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1392475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2952427.094340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2952427.094340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2952427.094340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2952427.094340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2952427.094340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2952427.094340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3384736                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1128245.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100463107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100463107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100463107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100463107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100463107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100463107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2643765.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2643765.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2643765.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2643765.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2643765.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2643765.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4153                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              148299159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             33635.554321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   218.569210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    37.430790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.853786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.146214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1108519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       823196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       823196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1931715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1931715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1931715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1931715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        10782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        10782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2406657345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2406657345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4775356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4775356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2411432701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2411432701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2411432701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2411432701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1119246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       823251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       823251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2108                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2108                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1942497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1942497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1942497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1942497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 224355.117461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224355.117461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86824.654545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86824.654545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 223653.561584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223653.561584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 223653.561584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223653.561584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1010652033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1010652033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1014871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1014871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1011666904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011666904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1011666904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011666904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 244236.837361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244236.837361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67658.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67658.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 243599.061883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243599.061883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 243599.061883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243599.061883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              521.948737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001251699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1903520.340304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.948737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.051200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1243650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1243650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162142542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162142542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162142542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162142542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162142542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162142542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2702375.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2702375.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2702375.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2702375.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2702375.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2702375.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       743970                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       743970                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98819180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98819180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98819180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98819180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     98819180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98819180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2744977.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2744977.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2744977.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2744977.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2744977.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2744977.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              166552313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 7654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             21760.166318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   228.148575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    27.851425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.891205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.108795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       860202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       710900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2048                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2048                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1571102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1571102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1571102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1571102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8627872237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8627872237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     79680362                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79680362                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8707552599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8707552599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8707552599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8707552599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       879607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       710987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2048                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2048                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1590594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1590594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1590594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1590594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 444621.089255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444621.089255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 915866.229885                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 915866.229885                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 446724.430484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446724.430484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 446724.430484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446724.430484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12094                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12094                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3375141501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3375141501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9256950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9256950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3384398451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3384398451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3384398451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3384398451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457150.413247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457150.413247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       617130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       617130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457474.783861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457474.783861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457474.783861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457474.783861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              486.634998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              998754646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2034123.515275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.634998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.050697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1392126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1392126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1392126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1392126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1392126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1392126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146026439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146026439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146026439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146026439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146026439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146026439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1392174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1392174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1392174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1392174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1392174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1392174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3042217.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3042217.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3042217.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3042217.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3042217.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3042217.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2730195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 682548.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95226568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95226568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95226568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95226568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95226568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95226568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2645182.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2645182.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2645182.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2645182.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2645182.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2645182.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4131                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148299361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             33804.276499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   218.587246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    37.412754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.853856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.146144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1109186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       822742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2099                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2099                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1931928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1931928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1931928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1931928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        10738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        10738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2412994448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2412994448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6638898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6638898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2419633346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2419633346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2419633346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2419633346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1119837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       822829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2099                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2099                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1942666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1942666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1942666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1942666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 226550.976246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226550.976246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 76309.172414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76309.172414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 225333.707022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225333.707022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 225333.707022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225333.707022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1019687635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1019687635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1188320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1188320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1020875955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1020875955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1020875955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1020875955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 247797.724180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247797.724180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 69901.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69901.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 247065.816796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247065.816796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 247065.816796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247065.816796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              569.430885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1026175981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1772324.664940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.019801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.411084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.044904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1234655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1234655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1234655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1234655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1234655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1234655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    116902774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116902774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    116902774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    116902774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    116902774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    116902774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1234713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1234713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1234713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1234713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1234713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1234713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2015565.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2015565.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2015565.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2015565.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2015565.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2015565.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86419444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86419444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86419444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86419444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86419444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86419444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2400540.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2400540.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2400540.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2400540.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2400540.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2400540.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 8344                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              404529641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             47038.330349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.126682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.873318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.434089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.565911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3224917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3224917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1764947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1764947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4989864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4989864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4989864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4989864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        30405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        30405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14325896959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14325896959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35297424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35297424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14361194383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14361194383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14361194383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14361194383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3255292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3255292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1764977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1764977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5020269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5020269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5020269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5020269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 471634.467786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 471634.467786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1176580.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1176580.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 472330.024108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 472330.024108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 472330.024108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 472330.024108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        22040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        22061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        22061                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22061                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3745532290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3745532290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10113250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10113250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3755645540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3755645540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3755645540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3755645540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       449374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       449374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1123694.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1123694.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 450101.335091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450101.335091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 450101.335091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450101.335091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              554.672246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              915120623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1640001.116487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.611375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.060871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.045852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.888898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1302076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1302076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1302076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1302076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1302076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1302076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91271565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91271565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91271565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91271565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91271565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91271565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1302121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1302121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1302121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1302121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1302121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1302121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2028257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2028257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2028257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2028257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2028257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2028257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68976483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68976483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68976483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68976483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68976483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68976483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2225047.838710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2225047.838710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2225047.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2225047.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2225047.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2225047.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5911                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              204395177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             33143.372304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   185.527805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    70.472195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.724718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.275282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1935833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1935833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       355286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       355286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2291119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2291119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2291119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2291119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        20949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        20949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9436840644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9436840644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3157205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3157205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9439997849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9439997849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9439997849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9439997849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1956745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1956745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       355323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       355323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2312068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2312068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2312068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2312068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 451264.376626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451264.376626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85329.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85329.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 450618.065254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450618.065254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 450618.065254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450618.065254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1934342206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934342206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1934919106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934919106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1934919106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934919106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 327743.511691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327743.511691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 327342.092032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327342.092032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 327342.092032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327342.092032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              569.852748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1026180620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1772332.677029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.442582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.410166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.045581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1239294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1239294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1239294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1239294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1239294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    103235483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103235483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    103235483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103235483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    103235483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103235483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1239353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1239353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1239353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1749753.949153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1749753.949153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1749753.949153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1749753.949153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1749753.949153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1749753.949153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       701089                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       701089                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73181065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73181065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73181065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73181065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73181065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73181065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2032807.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2032807.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2032807.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2032807.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2032807.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2032807.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 8374                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              404546146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 8630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             46876.726072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.126078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.873922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.434086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.565914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3235653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3235653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1770710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1770710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      5006363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        5006363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      5006363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       5006363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        30483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        30483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14090183111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14090183111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     27969724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27969724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14118152835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14118152835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14118152835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14118152835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3266106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3266106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1770740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1770740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      5036846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5036846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      5036846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5036846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 462686.208617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 462686.208617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 932324.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932324.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 463148.405177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 463148.405177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 463148.405177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 463148.405177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        22088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        22109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        22109                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22109                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3711536399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3711536399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8287655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8287655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3719824054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3719824054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3719824054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3719824054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 443698.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443698.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 920850.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920850.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 444211.136136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444211.136136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 444211.136136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444211.136136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              521.364038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001251995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1903520.903042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.364038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.050263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1243946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1243946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    122928308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    122928308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    122928308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    122928308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    122928308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    122928308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1244002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1244002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1244002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2195148.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2195148.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2195148.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2195148.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2195148.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2195148.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     77009384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77009384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     77009384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77009384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     77009384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77009384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2139149.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2139149.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2139149.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2139149.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2139149.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2139149.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7376                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166549701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             21822.549921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   228.125520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    27.874480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.891115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.108885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       858377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       710124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1568501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1568501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1568501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1568501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8572517364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8572517364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     64683674                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     64683674                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8637201038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8637201038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8637201038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8637201038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       877654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       877654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       710218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1587872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1587872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1587872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1587872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 444701.839705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444701.839705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 688124.191489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 688124.191489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 445883.074596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445883.074596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 445883.074596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445883.074596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3423710548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3423710548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7493950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7493950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3431204498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3431204498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3431204498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3431204498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 465051.690845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465051.690845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 499596.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 499596.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 465121.932764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465121.932764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 465121.932764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465121.932764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              554.819676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              915117726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1637062.121646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.758899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.060777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.046088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.889134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1299179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1299179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1299179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1299179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1299179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1299179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79431048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79431048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79431048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79431048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79431048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79431048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1299225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1299225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1299225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1299225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1299225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1299225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1726761.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1726761.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1726761.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1726761.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1726761.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1726761.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58857152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58857152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58857152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58857152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58857152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58857152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1839286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1839286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1839286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1839286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1839286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1839286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5905                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              204390823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             33174.942866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   185.499781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    70.500219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.724609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.275391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1933137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1933137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       353634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       353634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2286771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2286771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2286771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2286771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        20952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        20952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9538184273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9538184273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3164725                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3164725                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9541348998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9541348998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9541348998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9541348998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1954052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1954052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       353671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       353671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2307723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2307723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2307723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2307723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 456045.148123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 456045.148123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85533.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85533.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 455390.845647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 455390.845647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 455390.845647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 455390.845647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15047                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15047                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1954550031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1954550031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1955126931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1955126931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1955126931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1955126931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 331504.415027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331504.415027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 331096.855377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331096.855377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 331096.855377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331096.855377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
