
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000964                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   964400904                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391063714641                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 402095                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   525763                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  33838                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67612328                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28500.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11460061009                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14984698133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        40192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        21760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        17280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        69376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        24064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        17280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        41344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        18816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        21248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        19328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        68352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               477184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       189696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            189696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3728                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1858148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     41675614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3318122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     12210690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3583572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     12210690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3185397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     22563231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3185397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     22695955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1858148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17917860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1725424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     71936888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3185397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     24952279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1858148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     17917860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1858148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     42870138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1725424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     19510558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3318122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     22032331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1858148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17519685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1725424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20041458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1725424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20174183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1725424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     70875089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               494798375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1858148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3318122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3583572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3185397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3185397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1858148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1725424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3185397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1858148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1858148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1725424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3318122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1858148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1725424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1725424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1725424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           37693868                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         196698281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              196698281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         196698281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1858148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     41675614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3318122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     12210690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3583572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     12210690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3185397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     22563231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3185397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     22695955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1858148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17917860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1725424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     71936888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3185397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     24952279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1858148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     17917860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1858148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     42870138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1725424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     19510558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3318122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     22032331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1858148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17519685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1725424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20041458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1725424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20174183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1725424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     70875089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              691496656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2312713                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180816                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162840                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11319                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        70218                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62640                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9807                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1896028                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1132443                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180816                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72447                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223349                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         36092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        44135                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110651                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11200                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2188035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.608062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        1964686     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7892      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16509      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6823      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36033      1.65%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32564      1.49%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6347      0.29%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13401      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103780      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2188035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.078184                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489660                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1884819                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        55750                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222363                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          751                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24344                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        15989                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1327562                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24344                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1887376                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         36990                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        12032                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220669                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         6616                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1325750                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         2569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          115                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1566923                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6236762                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6236762                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         217946                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          161                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           18628                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308740                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154656                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1416                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7452                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1320888                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          160                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1257043                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1024                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125897                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       308424                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2188035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1740774     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134317      6.14%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109777      5.02%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47732      2.18%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60362      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57874      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32798      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2838      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1563      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2188035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3160     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24465     86.26%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          737      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       793355     63.11%     63.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10989      0.87%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298614     23.76%     87.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154010     12.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1257043                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.543536                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28362                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022562                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4731506                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1446992                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1244027                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285405                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2237                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16041                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1565                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24344                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         33517                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1321048                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308740                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154656                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1146                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5844                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7100                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12944                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246728                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297415                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10314                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451379                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163069                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           153964                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.539076                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1244144                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1244027                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673873                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1333700                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.537908                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.505266                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145656                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11354                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2163691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1736529     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156390      7.23%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73201      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72133      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19538      0.90%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83801      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6510      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4562      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11027      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2163691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        11027                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3473878                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2666782                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 42996                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                124678                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.312713                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.312713                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.432393                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.432393                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6152732                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1451772                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1569794                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2312713                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         209772                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174747                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20783                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80111                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74676                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22097                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          970                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1816478                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1150275                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            209772                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        96773                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              238671                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         58927                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        52511                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          114398                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19777                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2145611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1906940     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          14314      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17982      0.84%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          28936      1.35%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          12177      0.57%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          15872      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          18256      0.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8698      0.41%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         122436      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2145611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090704                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.497370                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1805881                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        64419                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          237407                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          169                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        37734                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        31664                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1405112                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1297                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        37734                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1808253                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles          5672                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        53248                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          235188                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         5515                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1395539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          728                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         3809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1948421                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6485623                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6485623                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1594818                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         353602                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          330                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           20670                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       132241                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        67525                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        14935                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1359594                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1292888                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1661                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       185771                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       395034                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2145611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.602573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1599268     74.54%     74.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248182     11.57%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       101496      4.73%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57589      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77810      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24360      1.14%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23476      1.09%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12389      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1041      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2145611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          8968     78.61%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1273     11.16%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1167     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1089051     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17525      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119030      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67124      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1292888                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.559035                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11408                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4744456                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545716                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1256962                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1304296                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1009                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28474                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1578                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        37734                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles          4252                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          576                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1359927                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132241                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67525                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          500                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11541                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12027                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        23568                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1268837                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116607                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             183692                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         178780                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            67085                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.548636                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1256995                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1256962                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          752803                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2023624                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.543501                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372007                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       927909                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1143522                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216387                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          321                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        20745                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2107876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1623644     77.03%     77.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       245620     11.65%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89045      4.22%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44176      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40528      1.92%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17250      0.82%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16949      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8084      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22580      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2107876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       927909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1143522                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               169714                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              103767                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           165787                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1029519                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        23626                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        22580                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3445192                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2757579                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 29451                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                167102                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            927909                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1143522                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       927909                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.492392                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.492392                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.401221                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.401221                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5707580                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1757410                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1297907                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2312710                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         210310                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175088                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20600                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79931                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74679                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22138                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          942                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1818683                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1153115                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            210310                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        96817                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              239295                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         58277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        52523                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          114335                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19570                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2147987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.660365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.041028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        1908692     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          14370      0.67%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18215      0.85%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          29182      1.36%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          12017      0.56%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          15749      0.73%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          18062      0.84%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           8675      0.40%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         123025      5.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2147987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090937                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.498599                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1808083                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        64457                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          238015                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          162                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        37269                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        31854                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1408277                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1297                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        37269                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1810457                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          5628                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        53305                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          235788                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         5539                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1398459                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          748                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         3824                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1952976                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6498976                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6498976                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1602516                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         350460                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          332                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           20651                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       132309                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        67837                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          828                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        15032                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1363553                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1297885                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1742                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183673                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       390058                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2147987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1599777     74.48%     74.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248686     11.58%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       102264      4.76%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57812      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77555      3.61%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24708      1.15%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23857      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12291      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1037      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2147987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9095     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1275     11.04%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1175     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1093115     84.22%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17578      1.35%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119581      9.21%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67452      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1297885                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.561197                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11545                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008895                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4757044                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1547579                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1262134                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1309430                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1048                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28002                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1537                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        37269                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          4206                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          576                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1363887                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1048                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132309                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67837                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          505                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11374                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12035                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        23409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1274109                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117129                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23776                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             184546                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         179748                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            67417                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.550916                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1262172                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1262134                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          755665                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2030211                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.545738                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372210                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       932418                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1149171                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214727                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          321                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        20560                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2110718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1624286     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       246696     11.69%     88.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89363      4.23%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44367      2.10%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40748      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17404      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17013      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8170      0.39%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22671      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2110718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       932418                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1149171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               170607                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              104307                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           166615                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1034618                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        23755                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        22671                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3451932                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2765071                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 29223                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                164723                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            932418                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1149171                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       932418                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.480336                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.480336                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.403171                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.403171                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5730910                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1764854                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1301382                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2312713                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         186339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152765                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20187                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76606                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71131                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18817                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          901                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1788203                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1062842                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            186339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        89948                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              232844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         57485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        61727                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          111735                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19904                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2119766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966527                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        1886922     89.02%     89.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          24725      1.17%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          29397      1.39%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          15788      0.74%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          17641      0.83%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          10476      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           6878      0.32%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          17902      0.84%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         110037      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2119766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.080572                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.459565                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1772988                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        77559                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          230684                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1940                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        36592                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        30057                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1295951                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2080                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        36592                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1776288                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         14928                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        54093                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          229382                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8480                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1294073                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4111                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1801368                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6022981                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6022981                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1511045                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         290242                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           24039                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       123892                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        66594                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1708                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        14071                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1290523                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1212154                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1461                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       175341                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       408504                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2119766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.571834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1608987     75.90%     75.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205679      9.70%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110277      5.20%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76467      3.61%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66773      3.15%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33607      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8487      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5441      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4048      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2119766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           326     12.31%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1122     42.37%     54.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1200     45.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1015548     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18747      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          147      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111828      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65884      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1212154                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.524126                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2648                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002185                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4548183                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1466251                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1190192                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1214802                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3222                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23661                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1756                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        36592                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         10728                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1130                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1290873                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123892                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66594                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          750                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11114                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11622                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        22736                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1192573                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       105002                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             170852                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         166460                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            65850                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.515660                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1190292                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1190192                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          708425                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1854214                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.514630                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       887357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1088730                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       202095                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          301                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        20109                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2083174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1638265     78.64%     78.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206570      9.92%     88.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86519      4.15%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51694      2.48%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35786      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23220      1.11%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12276      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9612      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19232      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2083174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       887357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1088730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               165059                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              100225                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           155827                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          981508                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        22141                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        19232                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3354754                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2618307                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 29491                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                192947                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            887357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1088730                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       887357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.606294                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.606294                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.383687                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.383687                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5379095                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1654940                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1208910                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2312713                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         186255                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152650                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20228                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76245                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71069                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18834                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          897                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1789039                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1062861                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            186255                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        89903                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              232700                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         57487                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        60160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          111837                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19941                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2118852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        1886152     89.02%     89.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          24634      1.16%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          29232      1.38%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          15842      0.75%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          17641      0.83%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          10527      0.50%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6974      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18050      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         109800      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2118852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.080535                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.459573                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1773821                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        75993                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          230547                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1935                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        36553                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        30079                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1295687                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2078                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        36553                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1777116                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         15039                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        52405                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          229236                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8500                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1293844                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1801403                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6021906                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6021906                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1511390                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         290013                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           24113                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       123750                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        66676                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1687                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        14096                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1290409                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          354                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1212809                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174767                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404425                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           52                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2118852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1607802     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205865      9.72%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110165      5.20%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76565      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66815      3.15%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33718      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8432      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5443      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4047      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2118852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           326     12.33%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1116     42.21%     54.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1202     45.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1016107     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18767      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          147      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111815      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65973      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1212809                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.524410                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2644                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002180                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4548538                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1465573                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1190864                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1215453                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3264                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23500                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1822                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        36553                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         10808                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1111                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1290770                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123750                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66676                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          742                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11101                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11711                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        22812                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1193226                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       105094                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19583                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             171024                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         166538                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            65930                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.515942                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1190960                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1190864                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          709151                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1855409                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.514921                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382207                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       887564                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1088985                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       201801                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          302                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        20151                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2082299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1637245     78.63%     78.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206745      9.93%     88.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86407      4.15%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51737      2.48%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35740      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23335      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12266      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9608      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19216      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2082299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       887564                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1088985                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               165104                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              100250                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           155857                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          981744                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        22148                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        19216                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3353856                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2618130                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 29554                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                193861                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            887564                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1088985                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       887564                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.605686                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.605686                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.383776                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.383776                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5382337                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1655997                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1209112                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          302                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2312713                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         190512                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       155973                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20085                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77526                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73151                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19267                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          925                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1824151                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1066642                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            190512                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        92418                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              221538                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         55981                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        42185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          112978                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19939                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2123537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1901999     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          10174      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          16085      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          21592      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          22793      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          19329      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          10340      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          16006      0.75%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         105219      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2123537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082376                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461208                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1805368                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        61374                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          220945                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          352                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        35496                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        31140                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1307877                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        35496                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1810762                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         13142                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        36638                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          215894                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        11603                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1306138                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1823529                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6074256                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6074256                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1548035                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         275494                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           36662                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       122976                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        65115                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          716                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        14465                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1302946                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1226219                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          253                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       163123                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399863                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2123537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1606423     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211585      9.96%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107275      5.05%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82030      3.86%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64219      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25829      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16448      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8539      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1189      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2123537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           301     13.68%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          788     35.80%     49.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1112     50.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1032058     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18249      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       110928      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64832      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1226219                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.530208                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2201                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001795                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4578429                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1466380                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1205836                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1228420                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2400                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22411                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1144                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        35496                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         10445                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1186                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1303250                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       122976                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65115                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1013                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10852                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11890                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        22742                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1207658                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104161                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18561                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             168979                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         171194                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            64818                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.522182                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1205904                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1205836                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          693242                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1870259                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.521395                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370666                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       902534                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1110659                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       192596                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        20146                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2088041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1632725     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225567     10.80%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85318      4.09%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40494      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33941      1.63%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19845      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17766      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7691      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24694      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2088041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       902534                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1110659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               164536                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              100565                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           160237                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1000632                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        22878                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        24694                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3366602                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2642010                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 29337                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                189176                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            902534                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1110659                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       902534                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.562466                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.562466                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.390249                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.390249                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5433600                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1681461                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1210590                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2312713                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         179682                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       146487                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19148                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74220                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68602                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17864                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          836                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1740135                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1061746                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            179682                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        86466                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              217851                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         59599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        61276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          108822                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19194                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2059024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.992583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1841173     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          11450      0.56%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18360      0.89%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          27352      1.33%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          11517      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          13619      0.66%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          14147      0.69%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          10081      0.49%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         111325      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2059024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077693                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.459091                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1718671                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        83384                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          216235                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1275                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        39456                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        29197                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          308                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1286641                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1072                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        39456                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1722893                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         38422                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        32103                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          213418                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12729                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1283974                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         6574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          586                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1757133                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5984538                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5984538                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1448065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         308994                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          287                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          155                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           38247                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       129940                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        71826                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3659                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        13826                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1279526                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          287                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1193404                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1867                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       197255                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456469                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2059024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1550869     75.32%     75.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       206233     10.02%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113518      5.51%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        74800      3.63%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68326      3.32%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21373      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15145      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5384      0.26%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3376      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2059024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           327     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1216     41.40%     52.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1394     47.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       982726     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21948      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          132      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118259      9.91%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70339      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1193404                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.516019                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2937                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002461                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4450632                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1477131                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1171236                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1196341                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5574                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27378                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4747                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          949                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        39456                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         28557                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1452                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1279813                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           93                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129940                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71826                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          155                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          753                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10355                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11738                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        22093                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1175862                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111953                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17538                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             182161                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         159266                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            70208                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.508434                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1171337                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1171236                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          693503                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1759675                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.506434                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       867499                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1057969                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222721                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        19482                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2019568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1590940     78.78%     78.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204135     10.11%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84522      4.19%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43411      2.15%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32581      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18524      0.92%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11246      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9535      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24674      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2019568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       867499                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1057969                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               169637                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              102558                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           146895                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          956540                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        20629                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        24674                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3275584                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2600887                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 31122                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                253689                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            867499                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1057969                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       867499                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.665955                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.665955                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.375100                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.375100                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5337407                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1601410                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1219158                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2312710                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         186083                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152555                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20173                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76498                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71037                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18791                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          898                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1785637                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1061006                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            186083                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        89828                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              232496                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         57433                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        62737                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          111585                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19890                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2117827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965836                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1885331     89.02%     89.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          24699      1.17%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          29365      1.39%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          15774      0.74%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          17603      0.83%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          10463      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6870      0.32%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          17884      0.84%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         109838      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2117827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.080461                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.458772                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1770502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        78486                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          230341                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1937                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        36558                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        30016                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1293858                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2072                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        36558                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1773795                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         14867                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        55117                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          229042                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8445                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1291990                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1933                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1798442                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6013189                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6013189                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1508428                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         289951                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          338                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          192                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           23965                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       123709                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        66471                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1695                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        14063                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1288462                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1210197                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1457                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       175151                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       407835                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2117827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.571433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1607968     75.93%     75.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205225      9.69%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110104      5.20%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76348      3.61%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66665      3.15%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33566      1.58%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8472      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5434      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4045      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2117827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           324     12.29%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1118     42.41%     54.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1194     45.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1013947     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18710      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          146      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111654      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65740      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1210197                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.523281                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2636                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002178                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4542314                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1463996                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1188245                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1212833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3207                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23636                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1756                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           73                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        36558                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         10679                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1125                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1288808                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123709                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66471                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          748                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11106                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11612                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        22718                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1190623                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104833                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19574                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             170539                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         166239                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            65706                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.514817                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1188344                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1188245                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          707183                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1851255                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.513789                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382002                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       885698                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1086851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       201887                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        20093                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2081269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1637181     78.66%     78.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206136      9.90%     88.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86383      4.15%     92.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51616      2.48%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35703      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23194      1.11%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12265      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9599      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19192      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2081269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       885698                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1086851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               164750                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              100059                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           155616                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          979790                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        22119                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        19192                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3350802                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2614122                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 29455                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                194883                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            885698                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1086851                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       885698                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.611172                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.611172                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.382970                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.382970                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5370079                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1652255                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1206777                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2312713                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         190438                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       155910                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20080                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77502                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73127                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          925                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1823492                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1066222                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            190438                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        92387                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              221451                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         55965                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        42464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          112940                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19935                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2123059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1901608     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          10169      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          16080      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          21580      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          22784      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          19324      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          10338      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          16001      0.75%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         105175      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2123059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082344                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461027                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1804743                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        61618                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          220862                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          349                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        35485                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        31129                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1307374                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        35485                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1810135                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         13038                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        37005                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          215812                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        11582                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1305644                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1822809                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6071972                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6071972                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1547399                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         275400                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           36624                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       122937                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        65095                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          716                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        14459                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1302457                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1225758                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          253                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       163074                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399722                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2123059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1606141     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211492      9.96%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107250      5.05%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81998      3.86%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64199      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25812      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16443      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8534      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1190      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2123059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           301     13.68%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          788     35.80%     49.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1112     50.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1031661     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18241      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       110892      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64812      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1225758                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530009                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2201                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001796                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4577029                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1465842                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1205380                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1227959                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2400                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22406                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1144                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        35485                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         10357                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1184                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1302761                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       122937                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65095                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1013                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10850                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11887                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        22737                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1207203                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104127                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18555                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             168925                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         171125                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            64798                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.521986                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1205448                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1205380                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          692989                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1869581                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.521197                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.370665                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       902179                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1110218                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       192538                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        20141                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2087574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1632430     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225482     10.80%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85289      4.09%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40480      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33927      1.63%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19837      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17760      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7687      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24682      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2087574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       902179                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1110218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               164477                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              100526                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           160167                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1000241                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        22869                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        24682                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3365648                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2641011                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 29328                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                189654                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            902179                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1110218                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       902179                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.563475                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.563475                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390096                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390096                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5431579                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1680797                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1210127                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2312710                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         179937                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162014                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11308                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78712                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9820                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1891758                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1128061                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            179937                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        72365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              222467                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         36030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        43522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          110387                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11177                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2182207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1959740     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           7856      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          16276      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           6771      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          36010      1.65%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          32597      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           6379      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          13266      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         103312      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2182207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077804                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.487766                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1880943                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        54751                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          221493                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          731                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        24281                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        15919                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1322371                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        24281                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1883401                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         35998                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        12193                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          219854                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         6472                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1320462                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         2507                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          139                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1559397                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6213435                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6213435                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1343042                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         216355                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           85                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           18298                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       308506                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       154629                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1387                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         7434                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1315665                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          159                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1252857                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          996                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       124973                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       304225                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2182207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1736154     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       133999      6.14%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109670      5.03%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47649      2.18%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        59990      2.75%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57754      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32657      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2773      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1561      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2182207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3101     10.95%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24491     86.46%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          733      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       789528     63.02%     63.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10919      0.87%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298387     23.82%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       153948     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1252857                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541727                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28325                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022608                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4717242                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1440847                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1239839                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1281182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2196                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16178                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1762                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        24281                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         32487                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1618                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1315824                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308506                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154629                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           85                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1108                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5921                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6966                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        12887                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1242532                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297144                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             451043                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         162506                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           153899                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.537262                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1239961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1239839                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          671119                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1326541                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.536098                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.505917                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       996591                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1171355                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       144626                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        11352                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2157926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1732407     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155713      7.22%     87.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        72859      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        71767      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19545      0.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83719      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6474      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4532      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10910      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2157926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       996591                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1171355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               445195                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              292328                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           154748                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1041626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        11377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        10910                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3462997                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2656255                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 43057                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                130503                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            996591                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1171355                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       996591                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.320621                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.320621                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.430919                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.430919                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6134457                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1445326                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1565193                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2312713                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         175060                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157000                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15434                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118186                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114815                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9557                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          454                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1855893                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts               998988                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            175060                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       124372                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              221352                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         51094                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        21287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          113606                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14967                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2134117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1912765     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          34555      1.62%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          16300      0.76%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          33882      1.59%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4           9412      0.44%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          31615      1.48%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           4590      0.22%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           7910      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          83088      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2134117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075695                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.431955                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1843872                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        33987                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          220779                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          228                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        35245                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        15538                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          340                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1107858                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        35245                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1845618                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         18924                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        10276                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          219119                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         4929                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1105502                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         3553                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1441900                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      4996722                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      4996722                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1135575                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         306325                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           13104                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       207479                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        29905                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          298                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         6350                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1098067                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1016543                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          946                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220367                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       468315                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2134117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1691366     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132494      6.21%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       153952      7.21%     92.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87323      4.09%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44476      2.08%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11605      0.54%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12322      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          317      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          262      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2134117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1700     58.12%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          670     22.91%     81.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          555     18.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792004     77.91%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7368      0.72%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187609     18.46%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29495      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1016543                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.439546                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2925                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4171074                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1318578                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       988218                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1019468                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          862                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45584                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1160                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        35245                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         14063                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          616                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1098203                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           44                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207479                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29905                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           68                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          333                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9517                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6722                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        16239                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1002994                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       184999                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13549                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             214484                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         152641                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            29485                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.433687                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent               988623                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count              988218                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          599657                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1274266                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.427298                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.470590                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       784593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       875634                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222627                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        15163                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2098872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288501                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1776476     84.64%     84.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124131      5.91%     90.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81981      3.91%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25316      1.21%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44380      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7907      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5169      0.25%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4572      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28940      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2098872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       784593                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       875634                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               190640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              161895                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           134963                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          763066                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        10251                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        28940                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3168193                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2231777                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 43535                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                178596                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            784593                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              875634                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       784593                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.947659                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.947659                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.339252                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.339252                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        4672594                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1281592                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1187371                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2312713                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         186467                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152833                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20155                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76537                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70886                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18913                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          908                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1788561                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1064403                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            186467                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        89799                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              232887                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         57501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        60868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          111789                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19889                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2119357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        1886470     89.01%     89.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          24707      1.17%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          29143      1.38%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          15791      0.75%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          17552      0.83%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          10480      0.49%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           6927      0.33%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          18107      0.85%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         110180      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2119357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.080627                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460240                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1773219                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        76823                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          230687                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1984                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        36641                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        30113                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1298000                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2086                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        36641                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1776563                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         15097                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        53106                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          229377                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8570                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1296145                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1804449                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6032682                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6032682                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1512209                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         292225                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           24290                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       124138                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        66670                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1694                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        14160                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1292680                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1214325                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1501                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       176661                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       409723                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2119357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1608086     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205568      9.70%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110506      5.21%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76475      3.61%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66804      3.15%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33901      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8529      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5479      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4009      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2119357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           325     12.18%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1147     42.99%     55.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1196     44.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1017220     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18782      1.55%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          147      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       112123      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        66053      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1214325                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.525065                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2668                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002197                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4552175                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1469728                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1191968                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1216993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3219                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23832                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1789                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        36641                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         10861                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1113                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1293030                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       124138                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66670                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          737                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10988                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11764                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        22752                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1194451                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       105165                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19873                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             171185                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         166601                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            66020                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.516472                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1192067                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1191968                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          709879                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1858167                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.515398                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382032                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       888019                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1089546                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203486                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          301                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        20076                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2082716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1637530     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206774      9.93%     88.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86480      4.15%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51728      2.48%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35749      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23299      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12250      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9611      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19295      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2082716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       888019                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1089546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               165184                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              100303                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           155944                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          982239                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        22156                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        19295                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3356440                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2622720                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 29514                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                193356                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            888019                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1089546                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       888019                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.604351                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.604351                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.383973                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.383973                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5387289                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1657614                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1210677                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2312713                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         190742                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156165                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20174                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76815                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          72933                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19247                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          905                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1823195                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1067824                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            190742                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        92180                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              221635                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         56348                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        43120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          113096                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20039                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2123891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1902256     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          10114      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          16138      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          21526      1.01%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          22710      1.07%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          19508      0.92%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          10171      0.48%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          16038      0.76%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         105430      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2123891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082475                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461719                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1804397                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        62310                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          221063                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          345                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        35774                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        31184                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          168                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1309212                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        35774                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1809839                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         13193                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        37387                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          215966                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        11730                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1307682                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1825887                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6080341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6080341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1547021                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         278844                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           37099                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       123211                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        65172                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          718                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        14517                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1304668                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1227086                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          256                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       165184                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404792                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2123891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1606558     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211638      9.96%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107677      5.07%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81616      3.84%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64196      3.02%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25830      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16564      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8568      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1244      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2123891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           274     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          801     36.68%     49.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1109     50.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1032662     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18256      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111132      9.06%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64884      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1227086                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530583                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2184                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001780                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4580503                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1470163                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1206156                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1229270                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2444                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22703                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1231                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        35774                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         10543                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1186                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1304972                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123211                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65172                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1009                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10833                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12077                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        22910                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1208085                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104174                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19001                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             169045                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         171266                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            64871                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522367                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1206224                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1206156                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          693656                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1871047                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521533                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.370731                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       901957                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1109956                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       195026                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        20235                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2088117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531558                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1633129     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225549     10.80%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85140      4.08%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40446      1.94%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33837      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19754      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17875      0.86%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7675      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24712      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2088117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       901957                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1109956                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               164449                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              100508                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           160123                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1000014                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        22865                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        24712                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3368387                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2645749                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 29392                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                188822                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            901957                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1109956                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       901957                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.564106                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.564106                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390000                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390000                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5434624                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1682153                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1211749                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2312713                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         175247                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157112                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15310                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117895                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114738                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9609                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          461                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1856573                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1000068                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            175247                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       124347                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              221607                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         50866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        20969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          113537                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14821                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2134630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1913023     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          34672      1.62%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          16265      0.76%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          33916      1.59%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4           9274      0.43%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          31647      1.48%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           4564      0.21%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           7791      0.36%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8          83478      3.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2134630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075776                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432422                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1844733                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        33508                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          221008                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          234                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        35141                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        15577                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          340                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1109641                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        35141                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1846457                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         18655                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        10108                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          219361                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         4902                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1107301                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3538                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1444082                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5005320                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5005320                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1138418                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         305664                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           13278                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       207732                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        30027                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          260                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         6364                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1099998                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1018085                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220290                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       470707                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2134630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1691203     79.23%     79.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132693      6.22%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154147      7.22%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87447      4.10%     96.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44669      2.09%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11591      0.54%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12298      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          318      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          264      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2134630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1676     57.28%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          681     23.27%     80.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          569     19.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       793282     77.92%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7401      0.73%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187726     18.44%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29609      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1018085                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.440212                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2926                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4174629                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1320432                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       989922                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1021011                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          792                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45663                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1175                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        35141                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         14030                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          603                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1100134                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207732                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30027                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           68                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          331                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9360                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6712                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        16072                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1004707                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185059                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13378                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             214657                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         152948                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            29598                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.434428                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent               990362                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count              989922                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          600788                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1277291                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.428035                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.470361                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       786231                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps       877648                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222537                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        15039                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2099489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.418029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1776119     84.60%     84.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124598      5.93%     90.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82198      3.92%     94.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25566      1.22%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44336      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7934      0.38%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5182      0.25%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4598      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28958      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2099489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       786231                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps       877648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               190921                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              162069                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           135263                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          764860                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        10287                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        28958                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3170716                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2235523                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 43454                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                178083                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            786231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps              877648                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       786231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.941518                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.941518                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.339960                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.339960                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        4679901                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1283895                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1188567                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2312713                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         174970                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156919                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15441                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118137                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114766                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9549                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          454                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1855201                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts               998584                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            174970                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       124315                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              221246                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         51129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        21178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          113575                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14967                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2133238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763370                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1911992     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          34546      1.62%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          16283      0.76%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          33859      1.59%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4           9410      0.44%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          31612      1.48%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           4589      0.22%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           7907      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          83040      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2133238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075656                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431780                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1843285                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        33771                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          220672                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          231                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        35273                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        15519                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          340                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1107325                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        35273                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1845018                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         18743                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        10272                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          219019                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         4907                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1104981                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         3518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1441017                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      4994295                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      4994295                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1134623                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         306394                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           13058                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       207526                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        29883                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          306                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         6335                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1097553                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1015960                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          946                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220565                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       468873                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2133238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1690755     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132388      6.21%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       153871      7.21%     92.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87261      4.09%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44487      2.09%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11600      0.54%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12295      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          319      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          262      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2133238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1693     57.96%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          671     22.97%     80.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          557     19.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       791454     77.90%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7348      0.72%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187622     18.47%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29469      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1015960                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.439294                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2921                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002875                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4169025                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1318262                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       987614                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1018881                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          862                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45685                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1173                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        35273                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         13948                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          618                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1097689                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           44                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207526                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29883                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           68                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          337                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9513                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6732                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        16245                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1002434                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185014                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13526                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             214473                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         152556                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            29459                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.433445                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent               988033                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count              987614                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          599280                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1273187                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.427037                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.470693                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       784048                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       874967                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222781                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        15170                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2097965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1775830     84.65%     84.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       123999      5.91%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81933      3.91%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25289      1.21%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44371      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7902      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5161      0.25%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4565      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28915      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2097965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       784048                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       874967                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               190551                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              161841                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           134870                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          762463                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        10236                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        28915                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3166798                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2230780                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 43548                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                179475                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            784048                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              874967                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       784048                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.949708                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.949708                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.339017                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.339017                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        4670085                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1280676                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1186928                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2312713                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         179650                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       146526                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19213                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        73945                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68490                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17767                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          830                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1740186                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1060989                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            179650                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        86257                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              217617                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         59901                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        57688                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          108881                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19251                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2055502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.993694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1837885     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          11424      0.56%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          18228      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          27279      1.33%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          11549      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          13599      0.66%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          14256      0.69%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          10031      0.49%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         111251      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2055502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077679                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.458764                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1718674                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        79829                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          216001                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1290                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        39705                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        29143                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          308                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1285983                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1064                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        39705                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1722934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         38159                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        28521                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          213187                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        12993                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1283285                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          425                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2560                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         6582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          786                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1756638                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5980549                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5980549                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1444510                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         312115                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          278                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           38236                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       129702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        71588                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3623                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        13813                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1278778                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          278                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1192112                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1800                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198638                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       458832                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2055502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1548109     75.32%     75.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205589     10.00%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113424      5.52%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        74988      3.65%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68253      3.32%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21278      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15120      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5339      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3402      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2055502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           329     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1219     41.45%     52.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1393     47.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       981942     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21892      1.84%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          132      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117906      9.89%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70240      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1192112                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.515460                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2941                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002467                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4444467                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1477752                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1169913                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1195053                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5676                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27360                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4644                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          943                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        39705                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         28585                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1439                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1279056                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71588                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          146                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          713                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10312                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11912                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        22224                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1174357                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111535                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17755                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             181622                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         159159                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            70087                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.507783                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1170019                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1169913                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          692032                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1756990                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.505862                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.393874                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       865459                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1055455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       224551                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        19539                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2015797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1588388     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       203387     10.09%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84487      4.19%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43175      2.14%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32479      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18378      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11420      0.57%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9421      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24662      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2015797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       865459                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1055455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               169286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              102342                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           146522                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          954297                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        20582                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        24662                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3271141                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2599723                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 31262                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                257211                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            865459                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1055455                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       865459                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.672239                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.672239                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.374218                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.374218                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5329898                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1599947                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1218100                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           3735                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32745.804748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           555041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          15.212021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1266.489441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.117252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   173.650452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    18.817302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    43.891176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.942312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    41.817398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    18.402462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    85.401712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    18.409506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    85.688755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.589848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    68.162377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.685292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   254.722106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    18.395779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    93.670125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.590475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    68.148881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.090025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   173.387467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.044655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    83.802893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.882486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    85.871607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.571362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    65.167678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.048029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    83.993554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.044925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    85.144688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.687865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   244.093675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2072.541261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1166.650751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1149.016660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1703.707077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1738.213534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1435.887892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2908.058836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1680.877319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1428.890318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1996.342585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          2062.277505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1777.600437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1448.000672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2026.613903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1995.383630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2911.318810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.038650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.005299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.001339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.001276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.007774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.005291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.001989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.007449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.063249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.035603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.035065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.051993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.053046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.043820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.088747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.051296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.043606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.060924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.062936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.054248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.044189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.061847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.060894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.088846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    4995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2367                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2367                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          239                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          353                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          354                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          235                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          440                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          331                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          235                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          250                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          434                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5012                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           92                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  86                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data           92                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          542                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          188                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          135                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          323                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          534                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3728                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2061082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     47499261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3901228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     14177445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4197470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13689917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3738244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25544813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3692931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25528955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2251552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20226929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1999238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     75334980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3587234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     28309222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2132341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     20666827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2088046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     49174512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1936247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22433207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3811913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24935683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2089335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19800072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1863930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     22703965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1946270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23056589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1970370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     73835522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       550185330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6066485                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6804684                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      12871169                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2061082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     47499261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3901228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     14177445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4197470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13689917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3738244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25544813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3692931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25528955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2251552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20226929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1999238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     81401465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3587234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     28309222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2132341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     20666827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2088046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     49174512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1936247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22433207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3811913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24935683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2089335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19800072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1863930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     22703965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1946270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23056589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1970370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     80640206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        563056499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2061082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     47499261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3901228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     14177445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4197470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13689917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3738244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25544813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3692931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25528955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2251552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20226929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1999238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     81401465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3587234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     28309222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2132341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     20666827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2088046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     49174512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1936247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22433207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3811913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24935683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2089335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19800072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1863930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     22703965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1946270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23056589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1970370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     80640206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       563056499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                8637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2367                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2367                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               103                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 8740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                8740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.437936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.279635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.281346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.327586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.532412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.362963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.318618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.376559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.373464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.529794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.421674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.834951                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.437936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.277946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.278788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.325048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.325714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.551935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.362235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.362963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.316794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.376559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.373464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.551653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.426545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.437936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.277946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.278788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.325048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.325714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.551935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.362235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.362963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.316794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.376559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.373464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.551653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.426545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147220.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151271.531847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156049.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 154102.663043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155461.851852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 148803.445652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155760.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150263.605882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153872.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149292.134503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160825.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149829.103704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153787.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150369.221557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149468.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150580.968085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152310.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153087.607407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149146.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152243.071207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148942.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152606.850340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152476.520000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150214.957831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149238.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150000.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 143379.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150357.384106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149713.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151688.085526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151566.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150992.887526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151066.812191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 147963.048780                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151215.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149664.755814                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147220.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151271.531847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156049.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 154102.663043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155461.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 148803.445652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155760.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150263.605882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153872.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149292.134503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160825.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149829.103704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153787.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150187.204797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149468.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150580.968085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152310.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153087.607407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149146.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152243.071207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148942.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152606.850340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152476.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150214.957831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149238.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150000.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 143379.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150357.384106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149713.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151688.085526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151566.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151011.621723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151034.468616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147220.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151271.531847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156049.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 154102.663043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155461.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 148803.445652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155760.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150263.605882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153872.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149292.134503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160825.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149829.103704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153787.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150187.204797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149468.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150580.968085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152310.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153087.607407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149146.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152243.071207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148942.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152606.850340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152476.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150214.957831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149238.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150000.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 143379.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150357.384106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149713.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151688.085526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151566.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151011.621723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151034.468616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1482                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1482                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             86                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           92                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1247062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29223593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2447594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8823535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2628117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8331864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2343911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15644851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2296083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15573054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1439985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12365653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1244164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     46164189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2190805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     17364502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1318058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     12801819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1275689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     30368697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1182124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13876739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2359168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     15279946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1275472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12115630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1108814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13912986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1191206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14205034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1214109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     45356804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    338171257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      3680554                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4181830                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7862384                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1247062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29223593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2447594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8823535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2628117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8331864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2343911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15644851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2296083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15573054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1439985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12365653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1244164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     49844743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2190805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     17364502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1318058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     12801819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1275689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     30368697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1182124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13876739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2359168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     15279946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1275472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12115630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1108814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13912986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1191206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14205034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1214109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     49538634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    346033641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1247062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29223593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2447594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8823535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2628117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8331864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2343911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15644851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2296083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15573054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1439985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12365653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1244164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     49844743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2190805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     17364502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1318058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     12801819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1275689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     30368697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1182124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13876739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2359168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     15279946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1275472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12115630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1108814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13912986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1191206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14205034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1214109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     49538634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    346033641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.437936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.279635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.281346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.327586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.532412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.362963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.318618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.376559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.373464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.529794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.421674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.834951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.437936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.277946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.278788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.325048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.325714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.551935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.362235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.362963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.316794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.376559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.373464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.551653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.426545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.437936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.277946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.278788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.325048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.325714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.551935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.362235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.362963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.316794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.376559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.373464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.551653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.426545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89075.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93068.767516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97903.760000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95907.989130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97337.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90563.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97662.958333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92028.535294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95670.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91070.491228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 102856.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91597.429630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95704.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92144.089820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91283.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92364.372340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        94147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94828.288889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91120.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94020.733746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90932.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94399.585034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94366.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92047.867470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91105.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91785.075758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 85293.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92138.980132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91631.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93454.171053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        93393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92754.200409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92853.173256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89769.609756                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92929.555556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91423.069767                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89075.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93068.767516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97903.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95907.989130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97337.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90563.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97662.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92028.535294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95670.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91070.491228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 102856.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91597.429630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95704.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91964.470480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91283.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92364.372340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        94147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94828.288889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91120.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94020.733746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90932.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94399.585034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94366.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92047.867470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91105.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91785.075758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 85293.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92138.980132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91631.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93454.171053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        93393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92768.977528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92820.182672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89075.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93068.767516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97903.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95907.989130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97337.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90563.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97662.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92028.535294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95670.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91070.491228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 102856.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91597.429630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95704.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91964.470480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91283.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92364.372340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        94147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94828.288889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91120.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94020.733746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90932.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94399.585034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94366.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92047.867470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91105.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91785.075758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 85293.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92138.980132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91631.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93454.171053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        93393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92768.977528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92820.182672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.116363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.789946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.116363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.021020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2485964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2485964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2485964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2485964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2485964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2485964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155372.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155372.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155372.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155372.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155372.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155372.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2236687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2236687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2236687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2236687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2236687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2236687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159763.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159763.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159763.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159763.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159763.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159763.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  717                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  973                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             289035.215827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.965265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.034735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.394396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.605604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    310065673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    310065673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    310065673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    310065673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    310065673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    310065673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119301.913428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119301.913428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119301.913428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119301.913428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119301.913428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119301.913428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1882                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1882                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     79119118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79119118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     79119118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79119118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     79119118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79119118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110347.444909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110347.444909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110347.444909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110347.444909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110347.444909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110347.444909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              474.919575                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              735275201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1525467.221992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.919575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.031922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       114360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       114360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         114360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       114360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        114360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5868579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5868579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5868579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5868579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5868579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5868579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       114398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       114398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       114398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       114398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       114398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154436.289474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154436.289474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154436.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154436.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154436.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154436.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4574428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4574428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4574428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4574428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4574428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4574428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169423.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169423.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169423.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169423.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169423.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169423.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  331                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              106621206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             181637.488927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   124.133619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   131.866381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.484897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.515103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        89551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        65613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       155164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         155164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       155164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        155164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total          859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total          859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     88878999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88878999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       700944                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       700944                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     89579943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     89579943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     89579943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     89579943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        90403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        65620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       156023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       156023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104318.073944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104318.073944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100134.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100134.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104283.984866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104283.984866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104283.984866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104283.984866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31326198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31326198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       187643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       187643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31513841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31513841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31513841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31513841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95216.407295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95216.407295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93821.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93821.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95207.978852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95207.978852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95207.978852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95207.978852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              476.047893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              735275135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1519163.502066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    21.047893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.033731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.762897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       114294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       114294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         114294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       114294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        114294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6421858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6421858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6421858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6421858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6421858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6421858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       114335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       114335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       114335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       114335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       114335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156630.682927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156630.682927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156630.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156630.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156630.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156630.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4765625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4765625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4765625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4765625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4765625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4765625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164331.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164331.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164331.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164331.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164331.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164331.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  330                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              106621911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             181948.653584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   124.294583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   131.705417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.485526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.514474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        89911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        65960                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65960                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       155871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         155871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       155871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        155871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total          864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total          864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     87017891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87017891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1352943                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1352943                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     88370834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     88370834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     88370834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     88370834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        90763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        65972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       156735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       156735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102133.674883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102133.674883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112745.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112745.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102281.057870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102281.057870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102281.057870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102281.057870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     30571807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30571807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       271997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       271997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     30843804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30843804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     30843804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30843804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93491.764526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93491.764526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90665.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90665.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93466.072727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93466.072727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93466.072727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93466.072727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              500.881438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              732326853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1444431.662722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    18.881438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.030259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       111704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       111704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         111704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       111704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        111704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5232333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5232333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5232333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5232333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5232333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5232333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       111735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       111735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       111735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       111735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       111735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168784.935484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168784.935484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168784.935484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168784.935484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168784.935484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168784.935484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4381770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4381770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4381770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4381770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4381770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4381770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175270.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175270.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175270.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175270.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175270.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175270.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              115427400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             148364.267352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   157.980590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    98.019410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.617112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.382888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        76559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        64462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       141021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         141021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       141021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        141021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    213488849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213488849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4709406                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4709406                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    218198255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    218198255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    218198255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    218198255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        78291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        64510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       142801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       142801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000744                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000744                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123261.460162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123261.460162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98112.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98112.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122583.289326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122583.289326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122583.289326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122583.289326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          190                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             190                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     52541449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52541449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       289041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       289041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     52830490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52830490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     52830490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52830490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101041.248077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101041.248077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        96347                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        96347                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101014.321224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101014.321224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101014.321224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101014.321224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              500.888678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              732326953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1444431.859961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    18.888678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.030270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         111804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        111804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5535628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5535628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5535628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5535628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5535628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5535628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       111837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       111837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167746.303030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167746.303030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167746.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167746.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167746.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167746.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4405187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4405187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4405187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4405187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4405187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4405187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176207.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176207.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176207.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176207.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176207.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176207.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  525                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              115427450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             147794.430218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   158.060986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    97.939014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.617426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.382574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        76580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        64480                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64480                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       141060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         141060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       141060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        141060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           49                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           49                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    213341680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213341680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4832649                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4832649                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    218174329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    218174329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    218174329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    218174329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        64529                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64529                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       142854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       142854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000759                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000759                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122258.842407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122258.842407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98625.489796                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98625.489796                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121613.338350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121613.338350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121613.338350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121613.338350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     52165204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52165204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       241809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       241809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     52407013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52407013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     52407013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52407013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99933.340996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99933.340996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        80603                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80603                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99822.881905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99822.881905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99822.881905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99822.881905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              488.588942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              731806629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1496537.073620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.588942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.021777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       112963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        112963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       112963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         112963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       112963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        112963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2707587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2707587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2707587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2707587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2707587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2707587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       112978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       112978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       112978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       112978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       112978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 180505.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180505.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 180505.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180505.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 180505.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180505.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2447252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2447252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2447252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2447252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2447252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2447252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174803.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174803.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174803.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174803.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174803.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174803.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              110531491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             176567.876997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   139.816233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   116.183767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.546157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.453843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        76361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        63684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         140045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        140045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    148132844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148132844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    148132844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    148132844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    148132844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    148132844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        77577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        63684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       141261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       141261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121819.773026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121819.773026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121819.773026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121819.773026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121819.773026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121819.773026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          846                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          846                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37633584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37633584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37633584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37633584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37633584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37633584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101712.389189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101712.389189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101712.389189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101712.389189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101712.389189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101712.389189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              501.684502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              735399793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1464939.826693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.684502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       108806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        108806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       108806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         108806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       108806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        108806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2447488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2447488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2447488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2447488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2447488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2447488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       108822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       108822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       108822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       108822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       108822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       108822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       152968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       152968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       152968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       152968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       152968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       152968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2116342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2116342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2116342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2116342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2116342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2116342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162795.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162795.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162795.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162795.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162795.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162795.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  982                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              122588586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             99021.474960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   190.700855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    65.299145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.744925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.255075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        82131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        66402                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66402                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       148533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         148533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       148533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        148533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          326                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          326                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    305628023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    305628023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     56049707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     56049707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    361677730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    361677730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    361677730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    361677730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        84411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        66728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       151139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       151139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.027011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 134047.378509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134047.378509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 171931.616564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171931.616564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 138786.542594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138786.542594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 138786.542594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138786.542594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          446                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             446                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    110877315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110877315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6464185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6464185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    117341500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117341500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    117341500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117341500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000614                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000614                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117829.240170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117829.240170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 157663.048780                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157663.048780                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119492.362525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119492.362525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119492.362525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119492.362525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              500.874299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              732326701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1444431.362919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    18.874299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.030247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       111552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       111552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         111552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       111552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        111552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4824736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4824736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4824736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4824736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4824736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4824736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       111585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       111585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       111585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       111585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       111585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 146204.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146204.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 146204.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 146204.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 146204.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 146204.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3966279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3966279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3966279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3966279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3966279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3966279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158651.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158651.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158651.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158651.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158651.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158651.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  519                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              115427140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             148938.245161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   157.930451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    98.069549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.616916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.383084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        76444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        64321                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64321                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       140765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         140765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       140765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        140765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           49                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           49                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    216590023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216590023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4679309                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4679309                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    221269332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    221269332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    221269332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    221269332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        78161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        64370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       142531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       142531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000761                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000761                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126144.451369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126144.451369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95496.102041                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95496.102041                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 125294.072480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125294.072480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 125294.072480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125294.072480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     53637825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53637825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       265555                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       265555                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     53903380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53903380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     53903380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53903380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103949.273256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103949.273256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 88518.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88518.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103860.077071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103860.077071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103860.077071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103860.077071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              488.589605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              731806591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1496536.995910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.589605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.021778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       112925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        112925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       112925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         112925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       112925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        112925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2561829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2561829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2561829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2561829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2561829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2561829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       112940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       112940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       112940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       112940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       112940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170788.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170788.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170788.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170788.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170788.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170788.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2283032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2283032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2283032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2283032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2283032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2283032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163073.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163073.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163073.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163073.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163073.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163073.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              110531449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             176567.809904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   139.833489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   116.166511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.546225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.453775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        76339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        63664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       140003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         140003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       140003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        140003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    148692850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148692850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    148692850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    148692850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    148692850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    148692850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        77555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        63664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       141219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       141219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122280.304276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122280.304276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122280.304276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122280.304276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122280.304276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122280.304276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          846                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          846                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     37947385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37947385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     37947385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37947385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     37947385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37947385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102560.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102560.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102560.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102560.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102560.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102560.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              556.089106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750118204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1346711.317774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.089106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.020976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       110372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       110372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         110372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       110372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        110372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2498920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2498920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2498920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2498920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2498920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2498920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       110387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       110387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       110387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       110387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       110387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166594.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166594.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166594.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166594.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166594.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166594.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2296506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2296506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2296506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2296506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2296506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2296506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164036.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164036.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164036.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164036.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164036.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164036.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  706                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              281231029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             292339.946985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   100.728156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   155.271844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.393469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.606531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       280553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       152717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       433270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         433270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       433270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        433270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    305876019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    305876019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    305876019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    305876019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    305876019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    305876019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       283041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       152717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       435758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       435758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122940.522106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122940.522106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122940.522106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122940.522106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122940.522106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122940.522106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1782                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1782                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     79778226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79778226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     79778226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79778226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     79778226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79778226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113000.320113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113000.320113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113000.320113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113000.320113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113000.320113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113000.320113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              538.043833                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              627180134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1163599.506494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.043833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       113593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       113593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         113593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       113593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        113593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2239138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2239138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2239138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2239138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2239138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2239138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       113606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       113606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       113606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       113606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       113606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172241.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172241.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172241.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172241.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172241.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172241.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2104038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2104038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2104038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2104038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2104038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2104038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161849.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161849.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161849.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161849.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161849.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161849.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              147679597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             223418.452345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   137.594352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   118.405648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.537478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.462522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       170601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        28610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       199211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         199211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       199211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        199211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    149122133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149122133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    149122133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    149122133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    149122133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    149122133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       171990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        28610                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28610                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       200600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       200600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107359.347012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107359.347012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107359.347012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107359.347012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107359.347012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107359.347012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           37                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              37                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          984                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          984                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41560825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41560825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41560825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41560825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41560825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41560825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102619.320988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102619.320988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102619.320988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102619.320988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102619.320988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102619.320988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              501.361442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              732326905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1441588.395669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.361442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.031028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       111756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       111756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         111756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       111756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        111756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5125537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5125537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5125537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5125537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5125537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5125537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       111789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       111789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       111789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       111789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       111789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155319.303030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155319.303030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155319.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155319.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155319.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155319.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4304160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4304160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4304160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4304160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4304160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4304160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165544.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165544.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165544.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165544.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165544.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165544.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  524                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              115427573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             147984.067949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   157.990954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    98.009046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.617152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.382848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        76685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        64510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       141195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         141195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       141195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        141195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    214719073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214719073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4909028                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4909028                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    219628101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    219628101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    219628101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    219628101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        78435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        64557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       142992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       142992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122696.613143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122696.613143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104447.404255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104447.404255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122219.310518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122219.310518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122219.310518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122219.310518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1273                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1273                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     52390557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52390557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       267178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       267178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     52657735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52657735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     52657735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52657735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100557.690979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100557.690979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 89059.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89059.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100491.860687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100491.860687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100491.860687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100491.860687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              488.570495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              731806747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1496537.314928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.570495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.021748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       113081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       113081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         113081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       113081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        113081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2511903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2511903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2511903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2511903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2511903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2511903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       113096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       113096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       113096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       113096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       113096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167460.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167460.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167460.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167460.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167460.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167460.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2230324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2230324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2230324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2230324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2230324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2230324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159308.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159308.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159308.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159308.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159308.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159308.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              110531454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             176567.817891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   139.941834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   116.058166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.546648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.453352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        76354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        63654                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63654                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       140008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         140008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       140008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        140008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    145686106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145686106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    145686106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    145686106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    145686106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    145686106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        77564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        63654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       141218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       141218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120401.740496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120401.740496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120401.740496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120401.740496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120401.740496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120401.740496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          840                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          840                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     37246230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37246230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     37246230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37246230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     37246230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37246230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100665.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100665.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100665.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100665.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100665.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100665.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              538.047243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              627180065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1163599.378479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.047243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.019306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       113524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       113524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         113524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       113524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        113524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2110330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2110330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2110330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2110330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2110330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2110330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       113537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       113537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       113537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       113537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       113537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162333.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162333.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162333.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162333.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162333.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162333.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1974630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1974630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1974630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1974630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1974630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1974630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151894.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151894.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151894.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151894.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151894.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151894.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              147679778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             224778.961948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   137.093011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   118.906989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.535520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.464480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       170675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       199392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         199392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       199392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        199392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    146178128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146178128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    146178128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    146178128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    146178128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    146178128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       172037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        28717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       200754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       200754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.007917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107326.085169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107326.085169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107326.085169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107326.085169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107326.085169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107326.085169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     41295661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41295661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     41295661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41295661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     41295661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41295661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102981.698254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102981.698254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102981.698254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102981.698254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102981.698254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102981.698254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              538.044124                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              627180103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1163599.448980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.044124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.019301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       113562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       113562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         113562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       113562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        113562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2207670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2207670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2207670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2207670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2207670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2207670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       113575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       113575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       113575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       113575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       113575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169820.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169820.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169820.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169820.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169820.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169820.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2071970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2071970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2071970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2071970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2071970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2071970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159382.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159382.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159382.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159382.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159382.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159382.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  407                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              147679580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             222744.464555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   137.615386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   118.384614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.537560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.462440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       170619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       199194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         199194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       199194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        199194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    149409178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149409178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    149409178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    149409178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    149409178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    149409178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       172007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        28575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       200582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       200582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107643.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107643.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107643.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107643.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107643.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107643.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           39                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              39                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          981                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          981                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     41884364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41884364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     41884364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41884364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     41884364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41884364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102909.985258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102909.985258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102909.985258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102909.985258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102909.985258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102909.985258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              501.687073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              735399852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1464939.944223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.687073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.020332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       108865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        108865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       108865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         108865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       108865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        108865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2410041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2410041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2410041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2410041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2410041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2410041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       108881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       108881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       108881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       108881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       108881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       108881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150627.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150627.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150627.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150627.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150627.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150627.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2089136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2089136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2089136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2089136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2089136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2089136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160702.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160702.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160702.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160702.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160702.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160702.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  968                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              122588051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             100153.636438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   189.778659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    66.221341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.741323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.258677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        81750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        66248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         147998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        147998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2544                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2544                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    295197258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    295197258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     61048458                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61048458                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    356245716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    356245716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    356245716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    356245716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        83948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        66594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       150542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       150542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       150542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       150542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.026183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005196                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005196                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 134302.665150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134302.665150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 176440.630058                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176440.630058                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 140033.693396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140033.693396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 140033.693396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140033.693396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          446                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             446                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    109082054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109082054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7197283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7197283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    116279337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116279337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    116279337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116279337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000676                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000676                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118182.073673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118182.073673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 159939.622222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159939.622222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120123.282025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120123.282025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120123.282025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120123.282025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
