
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.009403                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9403152342                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               522012355230                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 392390                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   504985                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 239370                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67617492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39282.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15414242052                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19837329021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       397184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       168576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       140416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       168448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       224512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       224256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       241536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       170624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       138880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       405760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       159104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       241152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       244736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       326656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       135168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       243968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3703680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1091712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1091712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1754                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 28935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8529                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8529                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       476436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     42239452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       530886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     17927605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       517273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     14932865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       544498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17913992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       476436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     23876248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       503661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23849023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       408374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     25686705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       503661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     18145404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       476436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     14769515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       490048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     43151486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       503661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     16920283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       394761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     25645868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       408374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     26027016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       530886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     34738988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       530886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     14374754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       435599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     25945342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               393876422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       476436                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       530886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       517273                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       544498                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       476436                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       503661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       408374                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       503661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       476436                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       490048                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       503661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       394761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       408374                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       530886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       530886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       435599                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7731875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         116100639                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              116100639                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         116100639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       476436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     42239452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       530886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     17927605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       517273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     14932865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       544498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17913992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       476436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     23876248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       503661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23849023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       408374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     25686705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       503661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     18145404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       476436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     14769515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       490048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     43151486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       503661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     16920283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       394761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     25645868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       408374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     26027016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       530886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     34738988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       530886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     14374754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       435599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     25945342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              509977061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               22549527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1757515                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1585400                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93266                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       652957                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         626820                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96773                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4156                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18608586                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11051415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1757515                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       723593                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2184809                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        293340                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       437291                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1069317                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93559                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     21428428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       19243619     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77958      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         160317      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          66407      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         362036      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         322989      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62535      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         130993      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1001574      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     21428428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077940                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.490095                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18502021                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       545282                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2176380                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7239                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       197500                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154531                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          242                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12957163                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1492                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       197500                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18521550                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        387362                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        97564                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2165512                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        58934                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12949018                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        25133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        21334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          533                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15208076                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     60985333                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     60985333                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1735339                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1512                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          148748                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3053626                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544444                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14149                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        76221                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12922051                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1516                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12419635                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6840                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1005901                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2412496                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21428428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17015931     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1320316      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1085327      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       469042      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       594244      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       574978      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       326725      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25597      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16268      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21428428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31390     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244740     86.38%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7187      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7792337     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108444      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977487     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540623     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12419635                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.550771                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283317                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022812                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46557855                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13929815                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12312629                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12702952                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22631                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       119283                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          349                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10129                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       197500                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        354492                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16609                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12923581                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3053626                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544444                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11223                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          349                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53608                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55659                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       109267                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12332379                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2967513                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87256                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4507957                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1616278                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540444                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.546902                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12313089                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12312629                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6650795                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13102691                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.546026                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507590                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1173400                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        95096                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21230928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16969695     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1555208      7.33%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729929      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720682      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195738      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       838093      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63003      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45736      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112844      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21230928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934343                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551996                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449671                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       112844                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           34042909                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26047238                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                409112                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1121099                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751451                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.254952                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.254952                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.443468                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.443468                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60963342                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14300857                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15426499                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               22549527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1859801                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1522065                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183186                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       765469                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         730373                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191501                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8336                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17898617                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10400720                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1859801                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       921874                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2169648                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        501217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       415854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1096498                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       183306                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     20799776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       18630128     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         100346      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         160631      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         216627      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         223566      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         189563      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         106802      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         157589      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1014524      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     20799776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082476                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461239                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       17716071                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       600183                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2165534                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2554                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       315431                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       305599                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12762142                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       315431                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       17764760                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        127538                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       361061                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2120072                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       110911                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12757272                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        15001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        48394                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     17801650                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     59344323                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     59344323                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15404115                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2397524                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3124                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1608                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          333332                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1194952                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       646016                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7706                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       213964                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12741514                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3135                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12089339                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1785                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1426602                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3427838                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20799776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15638646     75.19%     75.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2158870     10.38%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1081268      5.20%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       787039      3.78%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       623715      3.00%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255384      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159881      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        84034      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10939      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20799776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2512     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7571     37.67%     50.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10017     49.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10168093     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180537      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1514      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1095279      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       643916      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12089339                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.536124                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20100                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45000339                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14171312                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11907331                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12109439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25025                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       194295                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9449                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       315431                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        102055                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11281                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12744672                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           90                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1194952                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       646016                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1610                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9576                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106364                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103452                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       209816                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11922381                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1030405                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       166958                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1674264                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1693137                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           643859                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.528720                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             11907462                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            11907331                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6835103                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        18422595                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.528052                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371017                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8979605                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11049083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1695602                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3054                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       185294                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20484345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15912490     77.68%     77.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2285461     11.16%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845605      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       403602      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       364067      1.78%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196381      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       156451      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        77577      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242711      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20484345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8979605                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11049083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1637220                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1000653                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1524                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1593272                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         9955060                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       227492                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       242711                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           32986254                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          25804827                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                273000                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1749751                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8979605                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11049083                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8979605                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.511194                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.511194                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.398217                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.398217                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       53656476                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16588644                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      11828731                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3050                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               22549527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2040083                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699281                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187649                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       772136                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         743810                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         219356                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8745                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17752578                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11195880                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2040083                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       963166                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2332199                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        523730                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       602981                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1104329                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179313                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     21022131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       18689932     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         142260      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         179931      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         286841      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         120457      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         153685      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         180609      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          82673      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1185743      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     21022131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090471                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.496502                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       17647540                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       718371                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2320976                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1152                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       334084                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       309597                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          289                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13684694                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1652                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       334084                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       17665895                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         57971                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       610104                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2303740                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        50330                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13600078                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         7338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        34919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     18993747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     63247751                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     63247751                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     15851318                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3142394                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3287                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1715                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          176982                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1275581                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       664671                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7511                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       150777                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13275285                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3299                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12721676                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13718                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1637684                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3356170                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21022131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15632721     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2458407     11.69%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1002649      4.77%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       564470      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       763403      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       235546      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231328      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       123605      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10002      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21022131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88524     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11953     10.69%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11387     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10717328     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       173645      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1572      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1166846      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       662285      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12721676                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.564166                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            111864                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008793                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46591064                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14916348                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12387592                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12833540                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9412                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245266                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           83                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9830                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       334084                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         44285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5672                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13278590                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1275581                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       664671                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1715                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4903                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           83                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110998                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105551                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       216549                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12498565                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147161                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1809331                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1765819                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           662170                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.554272                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12387689                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12387592                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7422272                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        19953455                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.549350                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371979                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9222256                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11364032                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1914569                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3171                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       189016                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20688047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15876605     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2438899     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       886075      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       440686      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       402825      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169492      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       167919      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79717      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       225829      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20688047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9222256                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11364032                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1685156                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1030315                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1582                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1647048                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10231489                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       234692                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       225829                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           33740754                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          26891319                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                272015                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1527396                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9222256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11364032                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9222256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.445120                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.445120                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.408978                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.408978                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       56240258                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      17310991                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12653497                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               22549527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1861345                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1523230                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182888                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       761454                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         730831                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191503                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8312                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17894206                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             10407655                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1861345                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       922334                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2171308                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        501192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       415563                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1096306                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       183033                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     20797010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       18625702     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         100267      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         160313      0.77%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         217439      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         224101      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         190178      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         105847      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         157523      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1015640      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     20797010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082545                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461546                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       17711926                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       599613                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2167218                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2543                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       315707                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       305969                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          229                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12771764                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1353                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       315707                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       17760414                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        126483                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       362158                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2121997                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       110248                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12767138                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        14758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        48218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     17813720                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     59390583                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     59390583                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     15408120                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2405596                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1632                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          331156                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1196472                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       646481                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7565                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       214296                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12751468                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3160                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12094220                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1811                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1433882                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3452771                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          105                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20797010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581536                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15634952     75.18%     75.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2158021     10.38%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1081841      5.20%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       787634      3.79%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       623863      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255860      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160031      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83787      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11021      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20797010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2553     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7816     38.34%     50.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10015     49.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10172419     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180701      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1515      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1095410      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       644175      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12094220                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536340                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20384                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001685                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45007645                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14188565                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11912560                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12114604                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24845                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       195541                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           57                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9730                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       315707                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        101171                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11324                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12754655                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1196472                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       646481                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1634                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9626                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           57                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105823                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103463                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       209286                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11927585                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1030790                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       166635                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1674914                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1694199                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           644124                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.528951                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             11912688                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            11912560                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6839680                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        18433387                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528284                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371048                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8981958                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11052032                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1702624                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3055                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       184993                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20481303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15908239     77.67%     77.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2286509     11.16%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845085      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       404417      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       364021      1.78%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       195892      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       156376      0.76%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        77810      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242954      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20481303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      8981958                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11052032                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1637676                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1000929                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1524                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1593715                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         9957729                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       227565                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       242954                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           32992940                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          25825042                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                273122                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1752517                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           8981958                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11052032                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      8981958                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.510536                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.510536                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398321                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398321                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       53677591                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      16594938                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      11836291                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               22549527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1830008                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1500798                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       181897                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       771290                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         715970                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187012                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8034                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17527351                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10405454                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1830008                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       902982                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2290312                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        513271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       574442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1080950                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       180391                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     20720584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       18430272     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         247475      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         289014      1.39%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         157911      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         182651      0.88%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         100109      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          67763      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         176120      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1069269      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     20720584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081155                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461449                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       17386402                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       718452                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2271970                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        17182                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       326575                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       296517                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1904                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12699783                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        10041                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       326575                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       17413349                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        224919                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       418117                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2263151                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        74470                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12690844                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        18487                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        35432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     17641190                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     59094907                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     59094907                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15068931                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2572259                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3384                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1915                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          202955                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1212663                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       660126                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17389                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       145259                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12670866                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3389                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        11977196                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15437                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1575364                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3641439                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          431                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20720584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15670385     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2032796      9.81%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1091324      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757469      3.66%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       658777      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       336362      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81383      0.39%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52575      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39513      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20720584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2977     11.56%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11110     43.14%     54.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11668     45.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10026881     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187236      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1466      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1106525      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       655088      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     11977196                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531151                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25755                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44716168                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14249750                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11778808                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12002951                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29972                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       214064                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13987                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          733                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       326575                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        182191                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12133                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12674274                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1212663                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       660126                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1912                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8777                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105643                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101835                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       207478                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11800037                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1040381                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1695278                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1651588                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           654897                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523294                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             11779061                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            11778808                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7003000                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        18338251                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522353                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381879                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8849811                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     10856851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1817597                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2958                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       182802                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20394009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15958249     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2057109     10.09%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       862745      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       516910      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       358534      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231971      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120787      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96823      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       190881      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20394009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      8849811                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     10856851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1644738                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              998599                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1476                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1553721                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         9787845                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       220799                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       190881                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           32877511                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          25675488                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                270556                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1828943                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           8849811                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            10856851                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      8849811                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.548024                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.548024                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392461                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392461                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       53233182                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      16350526                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      11855515                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         2954                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               22549527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1831376                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1501665                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182488                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       769413                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         715107                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187362                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8070                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17523303                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10417845                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1831376                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       902469                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2292176                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        517496                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       572311                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1081854                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181079                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     20719883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       18427707     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         247901      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         287119      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         158018      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         182943      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         100099      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          68395      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         177002      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1070699      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     20719883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081216                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461998                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       17381199                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       717467                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2273639                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        17384                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       330191                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       297084                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1902                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12719479                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        10022                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       330191                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       17408277                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        211401                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       429849                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2264929                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        75233                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12710713                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        18631                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        35729                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     17662388                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     59186699                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     59186699                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15057906                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2604475                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3364                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1897                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          204875                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1217581                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       660963                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17647                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       146656                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12690782                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3372                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11987017                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16815                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1602298                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3704936                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          414                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20719883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15669677     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2030842      9.80%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1091142      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756312      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       660204      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337877      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81534      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52810      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39485      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20719883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2947     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11659     44.39%     55.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11656     44.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10033475     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187240      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1465      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1108963      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       655874      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11987017                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.531586                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26262                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002191                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44736994                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14296586                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11785522                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12013279                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30137                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219720                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           71                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          137                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15286                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          732                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       330191                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        168986                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11927                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12694174                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2756                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1217581                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       660963                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1895                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8414                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          137                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105590                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102338                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       207928                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11808310                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1040935                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178707                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1696599                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1650874                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           655664                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.523661                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11785792                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11785522                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7005735                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        18359326                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.522651                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381590                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8843380                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     10848842                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1845499                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2958                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       183414                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20389692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351118                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15958506     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2054670     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       862118      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       515968      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       358301      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231291      1.13%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120774      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96783      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191281      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20389692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8843380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     10848842                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1643536                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              997859                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1476                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1552517                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         9780635                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       220615                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       191281                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           32892687                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          25718898                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                271353                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1829644                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8843380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            10848842                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8843380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.549877                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.549877                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.392176                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.392176                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       53266642                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16358279                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      11867843                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         2954                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               22549527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1700402                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1526286                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135655                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1150920                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1132956                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97081                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         3934                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18106466                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              9677387                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1700402                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1230037                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2159201                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        450932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       268324                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1095802                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       132885                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     20848540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       18689339     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         337708      1.62%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         160975      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         333511      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          98124      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         310018      1.49%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          46032      0.22%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          73991      0.35%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         798842      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     20848540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075407                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.429161                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       17825454                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       553643                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2154864                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1752                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       312823                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       153164                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1727                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     10768168                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4247                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       312823                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       17856728                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        356391                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       104641                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2127228                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        90725                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     10751032                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         8215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        76262                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     14029557                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     48632566                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     48632566                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     11318395                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2711116                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1380                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          703                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          183545                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1994682                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       300729                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1804                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        68381                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         10695669                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1386                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         9997203                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6438                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1976336                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4056982                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20848540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16454943     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1366052      6.55%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1496431      7.18%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       862039      4.13%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431073      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       108067      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124485      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2965      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2485      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20848540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16057     56.78%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6811     24.09%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5410     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7804464     78.07%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74799      0.75%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          678      0.01%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1819330     18.20%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       297932      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      9997203                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.443344                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28278                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002829                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40877662                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12673420                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9741784                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     10025481                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7591                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       412916                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8108                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       312823                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        226141                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11235                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10697065                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1994682                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300729                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          702                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          223                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91049                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52204                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       143253                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9874545                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1794396                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       122658                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2092296                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1505877                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           297900                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.437905                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              9744220                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             9741784                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         5907582                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        12640712                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.432017                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.467346                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7775703                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      8706473                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1991024                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       134634                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20535717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17319126     84.34%     84.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1246280      6.07%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       818267      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254427      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       432480      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80738      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51165      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46094      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287140      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20535717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      7775703                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      8706473                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1874375                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1581754                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1340546                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         7593794                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       104193                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       287140                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           30946048                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          21708113                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                407653                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1700987                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           7775703                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             8706473                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      7775703                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.899998                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.899998                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.344828                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.344828                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       45981640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      12642526                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      11521604                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               22549527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1859081                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1521324                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183407                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       764209                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         729391                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191446                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8325                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17893871                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10395283                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1859081                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       920837                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2168088                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        502407                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       418620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1096351                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       183437                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     20797209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       18629121     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         100737      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         159732      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         216176      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         223536      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         189545      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         105889      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         158161      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1014312      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     20797209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082444                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460998                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       17711739                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       602579                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2164013                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2474                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       316401                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       305641                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          230                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12755723                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       316401                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       17760287                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        128599                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       363081                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2118600                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       110238                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12750798                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        14823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        48129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     17790011                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     59315033                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     59315033                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     15387486                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2402520                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1640                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          331545                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1195103                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       645516                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7561                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       213980                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         12735108                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3166                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12079337                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1833                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1432083                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3446174                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20797209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15640315     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2156510     10.37%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1080952      5.20%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       786890      3.78%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       622967      3.00%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254883      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159912      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83742      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11038      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20797209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2517     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7521     37.50%     50.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10018     49.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10159999     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180316      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1513      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1094334      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       643175      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12079337                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.535680                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20056                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44977772                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14170418                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11896151                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12099393                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23999                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       195515                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9624                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       316401                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        103197                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11440                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12738299                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          653                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1195103                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       645516                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1643                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9709                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105932                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103581                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       209513                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11911395                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1029404                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167942                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1672519                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1691687                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           643115                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.528233                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             11896279                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            11896151                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6830094                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        18408110                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527557                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371037                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8969920                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11037224                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1701087                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3050                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       185505                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20480808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15913861     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2283570     11.15%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       843765      4.12%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       403450      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       363341      1.77%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196527      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       156312      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        77953      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242029      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20480808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      8969920                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11037224                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1635477                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              999585                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1522                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1591574                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         9944396                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       227264                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       242029                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           32977025                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          25793047                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                273263                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1752318                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           8969920                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11037224                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      8969920                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.513905                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.513905                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.397788                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.397788                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       53606023                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16572296                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      11821619                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3046                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               22549527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2042857                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700695                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187430                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       776788                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         744499                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         219260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8693                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17755181                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11206277                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2042857                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       963759                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2334645                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        523242                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       603600                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1104409                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179094                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     21027535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       18692890     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         143160      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         179232      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         286974      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         120946      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         154629      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         180460      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          82928      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1186316      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     21027535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090594                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.496963                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       17650071                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       719071                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2323410                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1147                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       333828                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       310916                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13696566                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1645                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       333828                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       17668512                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         57945                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       610841                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2306063                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        50339                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13611336                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         7174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        34998                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19008814                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     63289194                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     63289194                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15864962                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3143837                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3289                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1715                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          178172                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1275946                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       665691                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7422                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       151982                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13284752                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3301                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12733792                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13632                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1634815                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3343524                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21027535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15632814     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2460534     11.70%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1005815      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       563334      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       763639      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       235569      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231558      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124299      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9973      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21027535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88085     79.03%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11985     10.75%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11383     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10726771     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       173801      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1574      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1168288      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       663358      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12733792                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.564703                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            111453                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008753                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46620203                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14922943                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12398870                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12845245                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9324                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       244756                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           77                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10281                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       333828                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         44105                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5736                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13288060                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10284                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1275946                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       665691                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1715                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4994                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           77                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109867                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105951                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       215818                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12510015                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1148120                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223776                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1811356                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1768502                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           663236                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.554779                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12398982                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12398870                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7427271                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        19955624                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.549851                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372189                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9230176                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11373778                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1914326                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3175                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       188801                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20693707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15878063     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2441138     11.80%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       886628      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       441456      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       403227      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169379      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       167798      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79719      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226299      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20693707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9230176                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11373778                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1686600                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1031190                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1584                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1648442                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10240304                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       234904                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       226299                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           33755447                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          26910056                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                271562                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1521992                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9230176                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11373778                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9230176                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.443022                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.443022                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.409329                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.409329                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       56286085                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17326573                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12665577                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               22549527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1754955                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1583091                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93962                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       652049                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         625895                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96712                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4165                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18585087                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11037054                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1754955                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       722607                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2181821                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        295474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       433065                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1068829                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94293                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     21399148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       19217327     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          77425      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         160437      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          66440      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         361583      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         322166      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          62324      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         131186      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1000260      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     21399148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077827                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.489458                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       18477916                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       541639                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2173529                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7123                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       198935                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       154304                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          240                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12940921                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1471                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       198935                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       18497808                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        383873                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        97289                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2162172                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        59065                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12933135                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        24613                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        21675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          368                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     15195117                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     60908369                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     60908369                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     13444259                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        1750841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1509                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          150750                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3047246                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1540612                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        13938                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        73726                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12906399                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1513                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12400699                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6789                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1012593                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2428926                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21399148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16993732     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1318411      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1083459      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       467884      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       593161      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       574032      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       326661      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25516      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16292      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21399148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31374     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244161     86.37%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7161      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7784407     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108302      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          742      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2970352     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1536896     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12400699                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.549932                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            282696                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46490031                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13920853                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12292913                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12683395                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22329                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120247                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          350                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10105                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       198935                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        351088                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16501                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12907924                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          167                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3047246                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1540612                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          767                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11192                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          350                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53991                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56021                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       110012                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12312741                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2960291                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87958                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            4497014                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1613067                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1536723                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.546031                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12293394                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12292913                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6641309                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        13091170                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.545152                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507312                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9977774                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11725517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1183679                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1494                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        95799                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21200213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16948136     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1551961      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       728222      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       719601      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195222      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       836102      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62627      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45587      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112755      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21200213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9977774                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11725517                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              4457496                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             2926994                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               746                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1548669                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10426650                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       113612                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       112755                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           33996628                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          26017383                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                409035                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1150379                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9977774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11725517                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9977774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.259976                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.259976                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.442483                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.442483                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60860014                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      14283541                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      15401350                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1492                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               22549526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1861369                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1523223                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183347                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       766794                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         730670                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191703                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8337                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17911383                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10406473                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1861369                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       922373                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2170445                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        501597                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       418101                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1097137                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       183409                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     20815806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       18645361     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         100455      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         160147      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         216590      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         223683      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         190094      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         106591      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         158292      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1014593      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     20815806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082546                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461494                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       17729115                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       602130                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2166461                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2445                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       315652                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       306007                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12768551                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1329                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       315652                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       17777717                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        128155                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       362748                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2120998                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       110533                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12763951                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        14882                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        48270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17810009                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     59375095                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     59375095                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15412710                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2397299                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1639                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          331258                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1195645                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       646399                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7577                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       214285                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12748383                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3166                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12094511                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1825                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1428230                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3435508                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20815806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15651861     75.19%     75.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2159159     10.37%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1083244      5.20%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       788051      3.79%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       623141      2.99%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255699      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159749      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        84058      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10844      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20815806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2515     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7500     37.44%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10019     50.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10172206     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180684      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1515      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1095941      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       644165      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12094511                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536353                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20034                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45026687                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14179842                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11912638                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12114545                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24234                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       194419                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9479                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       315652                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        103024                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11332                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12751570                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          751                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1195645                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       646399                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1641                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9621                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106104                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103524                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       209628                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11927904                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1031056                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       166607                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1675162                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1694171                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           644106                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.528965                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11912759                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11912638                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6838754                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        18428131                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528288                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371104                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8984610                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11055301                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1696275                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3054                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       185452                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20500154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15925960     77.69%     77.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2286430     11.15%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845721      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       404556      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       363901      1.78%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196702      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       156259      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        77907      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242718      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20500154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8984610                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11055301                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1638146                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1001226                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1524                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1594205                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9960641                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       227624                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       242718                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           33008947                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          25818814                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                273195                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1733720                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8984610                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11055301                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8984610                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.509795                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.509795                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398439                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398439                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       53681281                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16596375                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      11835016                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3050                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               22549527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1700462                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1525705                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135713                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1149977                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1132309                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97165                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18103461                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              9675707                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1700462                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1229474                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2157821                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        450926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       277102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1095414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       132873                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     20852873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753901                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       18695052     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         337532      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         160349      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         332483      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          98270      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         309578      1.48%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          46198      0.22%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          74526      0.36%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         798885      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     20852873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075410                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.429087                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       17819082                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       565832                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2153445                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1743                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       312767                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       153804                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1722                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     10766860                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4213                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       312767                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       17850727                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        359076                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       113149                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2125468                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        91682                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     10749349                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        77120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     14026273                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     48622412                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     48622412                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     11314203                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2712050                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1378                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          702                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          185322                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1993547                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       300546                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2688                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        68342                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         10693262                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1382                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         9993917                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6509                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1977338                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4060076                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20852873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16459701     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1367842      6.56%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1494182      7.17%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       862114      4.13%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431641      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107509      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124425      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2962      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2497      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20852873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16042     56.74%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6819     24.12%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5411     19.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7802926     78.08%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74770      0.75%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          678      0.01%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1817841     18.19%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       297702      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      9993917                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.443199                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28272                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002829                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40875486                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12672011                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9737923                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     10022189                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7105                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       412843                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7926                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       312767                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        227023                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11449                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10694649                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          390                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1993547                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300546                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          699                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3678                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          242                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91178                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52314                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       143492                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9870852                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1793261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       123063                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2090936                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1505206                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           297675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.437741                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              9740375                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             9737923                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         5904773                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        12637408                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.431846                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.467246                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7772158                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      8702928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1992186                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1367                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       134694                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20540106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17323679     84.34%     84.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1247019      6.07%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       817586      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254308      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       432702      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80760      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51466      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46279      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286307      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20540106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      7772158                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      8702928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1873319                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1580699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1339955                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         7590840                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       104193                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       286307                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           30948887                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          21703283                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                407153                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1696654                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           7772158                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             8702928                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      7772158                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.901321                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.901321                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.344671                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.344671                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       45962404                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      12637737                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      11518413                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               22549527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1700533                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1525915                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135402                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1150463                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1132459                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97065                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         3981                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18097072                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              9676212                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1700533                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1229524                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2157840                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        450318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       275117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1094914                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       132587                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     20844217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.754106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       18686377     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         337211      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         160159      0.77%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         332762      1.60%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          98544      0.47%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         309897      1.49%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          46245      0.22%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          74523      0.36%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         798499      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     20844217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075413                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.429109                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       17812472                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       564088                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2153422                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1767                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       312464                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       153636                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         1725                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     10766711                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         4217                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       312464                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       17844236                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        360434                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       109834                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2125412                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        91833                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     10749026                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         8293                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        77304                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     14026293                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     48621050                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     48621050                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     11315879                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2710394                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1377                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          700                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          185587                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1993031                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       300832                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2588                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        68226                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         10693075                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1382                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         9994332                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6474                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1975867                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4055445                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20844217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16451216     78.92%     78.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1366755      6.56%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1494895      7.17%     92.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       862979      4.14%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       430789      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107745      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124397      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2941      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2500      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20844217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16012     56.68%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6808     24.10%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5429     19.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7802544     78.07%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74817      0.75%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          678      0.01%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1818239     18.19%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       298054      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      9994332                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.443217                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28249                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002827                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40867604                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12670357                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9739546                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     10022581                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7744                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       411906                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8212                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       312464                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        228628                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11433                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10694463                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          440                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1993031                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300832                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          699                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3632                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          240                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91084                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52173                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       143257                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9872090                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1793527                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       122242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2091556                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1505542                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           298029                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.437796                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              9742031                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             9739546                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         5905379                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        12638508                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.431918                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.467253                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7773575                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      8704345                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1990592                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1367                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       134382                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20531753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17315817     84.34%     84.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1246068      6.07%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       818033      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254301      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       432815      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80314      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51373      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46016      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287016      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20531753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      7773575                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      8704345                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1873740                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1581120                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1340190                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         7592022                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       104193                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       287016                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           30939648                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          21702617                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                407041                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1705310                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           7773575                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             8704345                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      7773575                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.900792                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.900792                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.344733                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.344733                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       45969339                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      12639058                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      11519915                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               22549527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1829997                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1496430                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       180466                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       754334                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         719528                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187837                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8029                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17760968                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10387455                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1829997                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       907365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2174810                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        525266                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       314405                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1093689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181686                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     20591033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       18416223     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         116952      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         185571      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         296443      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         122444      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         136993      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         146938      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          96363      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1073106      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     20591033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081155                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460651                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       17598284                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       478735                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2167819                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         5614                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       340578                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       299993                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     12682627                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       340578                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       17625593                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        152794                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       247302                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2146630                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        78133                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     12674531                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         2047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        21343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        30022                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3449                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     17592939                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     58957405                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     58957405                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     14991542                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2601270                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3230                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1780                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          237206                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1208490                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       649588                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19301                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       147970                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         12656641                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3240                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        11969611                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15225                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1623865                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3622430                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          313                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20591033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15548034     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2023399      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1104101      5.36%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       755257      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       706993      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203037      0.99%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159409      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53796      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37007      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20591033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2880     12.76%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8762     38.84%     51.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10920     48.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10027165     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189276      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1449      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1106288      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645433      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     11969611                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530814                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22562                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001885                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44568042                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14283896                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11774846                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     11992173                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35494                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       218834                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           25                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20489                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          774                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       340578                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        106121                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10542                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12659899                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          211                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1208490                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       649588                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1778                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7730                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104957                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103112                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       208069                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11797728                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1040289                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       171883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1685382                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1659001                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           645093                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523192                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             11775083                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            11774846                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6884068                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        17989477                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522177                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8806662                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     10794705                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1865115                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2927                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       184033                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20250455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15865952     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2124473     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       826927      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444715      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       332922      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186631      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       115241      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102808      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       250786      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20250455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      8806662                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     10794705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1618733                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              989645                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1460                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1549478                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         9726864                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       219284                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       250786                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           32659424                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          25660355                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                288532                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1958494                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           8806662                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            10794705                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      8806662                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.560508                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.560508                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390548                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390548                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       53200559                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      16320813                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      11828731                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         2924                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               22549527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2043555                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701579                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187327                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       773771                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         744197                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         219222                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8689                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17760608                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11211692                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2043555                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       963419                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2334760                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        523869                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       601791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1104715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179206                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     21031991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       18697231     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         142531      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         178992      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         286855      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         121232      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         154487      0.73%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         180266      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          82972      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1187425      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     21031991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.090625                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.497203                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17655210                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       717381                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2323633                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1216                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       334543                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       310734                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          289                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13704868                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1653                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       334543                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17673655                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         57723                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       608819                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2306350                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        50894                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13620770                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         7400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        35227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19020533                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     63332829                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     63332829                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15867788                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3152745                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3284                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1709                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          180643                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1276961                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       666297                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7504                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       151603                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13295035                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3296                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12738919                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13488                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1642546                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3361699                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21031991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15635871     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2460388     11.70%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1005018      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       565222      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       763641      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       236771      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231045      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124140      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9895      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21031991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88107     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12058     10.81%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11395     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10731807     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       173879      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1574      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1167649      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       664010      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12738919                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.564931                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            111560                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46634877                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14940957                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12405277                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12850479                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9494                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245573                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           82                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10770                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       334543                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         43978                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5568                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13298336                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10143                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1276961                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       666297                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1710                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4844                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           82                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109918                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106313                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       216231                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12516009                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1148425                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       222910                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1812333                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1768910                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           663908                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.555045                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12405379                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12405277                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7431780                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        19968511                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.550135                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372175                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9231831                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11375821                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1922555                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3175                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       188695                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20697448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549624                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15881175     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2441362     11.80%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       886592      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       441500      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       403306      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169511      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168117      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79786      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226099      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20697448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9231831                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11375821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1686915                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1031388                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1584                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1648752                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10242118                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       234939                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       226099                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           33769660                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          26931304                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                271766                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1517536                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9231831                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11375821                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9231831                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.442584                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.442584                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.409402                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.409402                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       56314882                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      17333693                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12672318                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               22549527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1700302                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1526295                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1150518                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1132755                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96898                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         3960                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18100490                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              9675472                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1700302                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1229653                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2158386                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        450353                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       275306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1095143                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       132655                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     20848356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       18689970     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         337196      1.62%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         161009      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         333448      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          98172      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         309698      1.49%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          46105      0.22%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          74025      0.36%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         798733      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     20848356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075403                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.429076                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       17820019                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       560147                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2153945                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1791                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       312450                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       153153                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1725                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     10765655                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         4225                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       312450                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       17851387                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        356302                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       110860                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2126107                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        91246                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     10747967                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         8359                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        76542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     14025900                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     48616707                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     48616707                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     11317116                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2708752                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1380                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          703                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          185351                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1994208                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       300479                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2507                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        68070                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         10692855                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1385                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         9993942                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6674                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1974990                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4057630                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20848356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16454769     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1366976      6.56%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1496142      7.18%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       862090      4.14%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431280      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107244      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124389      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2990      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2476      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20848356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16170     56.82%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6825     23.98%     80.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5464     19.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7802005     78.07%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74836      0.75%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          678      0.01%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1818629     18.20%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       297794      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      9993942                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.443200                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28459                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40871373                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12669258                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9738566                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     10022401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7032                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       412769                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7859                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       312450                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        226733                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11315                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10694247                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1994208                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300479                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          702                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3684                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          248                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91109                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52182                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       143291                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9871526                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1793824                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       122416                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2091587                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1505364                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           297763                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.437771                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              9740961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             9738566                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         5905878                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        12636575                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.431875                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.467364                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7774622                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      8705392                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1989308                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1367                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       134433                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20535906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17318711     84.33%     84.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1247304      6.07%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       817744      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254314      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       432902      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80758      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51372      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46380      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286421      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20535906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      7774622                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      8705392                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1874052                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1581432                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1340364                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         7592895                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       104193                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       286421                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           30944159                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          21702138                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                406999                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1701171                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           7774622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             8705392                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      7774622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.900402                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.900402                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.344780                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.344780                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       45965999                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      12638179                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      11518787                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          28953                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.285499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1242736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          61719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          20.135388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           301.256030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.564028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1424.947667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.322239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   579.774579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    25.864693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   498.866429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.528274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   582.654901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.945528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   803.700314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.895193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   802.186801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    21.000182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   865.247721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    26.404559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   592.632348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.788120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   490.182229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.802943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1453.888977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    27.099863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   552.537132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.524706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   867.223296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    20.039392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   880.896755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    25.752887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1128.693037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    27.184769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   479.427779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    21.852327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   876.702546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1660.827223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1030.124573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           781.013071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1037.341214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1269.688225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1259.471866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1297.821805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1006.284395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           798.921354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1575.665964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1097.743788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1323.107596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1291.826690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1623.009855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           845.554249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1296.495386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.009194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.043486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.017693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.015224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.017781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.024527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.024481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.026405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.018086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.014959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.044369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.016862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.026466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.026883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.034445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.014631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.026755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.050684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.031437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.023835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.031657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.038748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.038436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.039606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.030709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.024381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.048086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.033500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.040378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.039423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.049530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.025804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.039566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   47363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            14844                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 14844                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   178                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    47541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4191                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2436                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2435                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3168                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3101                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2419                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2280                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4103                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3105                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3072                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3862                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2311                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3083                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   47541                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 28933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  28935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1317                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1097                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1316                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1754                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1752                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1887                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1333                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1085                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1884                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2552                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1056                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1906                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 28935                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5355883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    470248122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6257831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    197997107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6001834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    165997970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6423873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    198686793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5292826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    264210397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5592097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    263181976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4492969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    284034161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5875944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200874204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5412438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    163768989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5321951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    480700745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5875562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    187845486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4405926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    283115873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4540941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    287881964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5817279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    386112495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6108021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    159813522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4722072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    286952945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4368920196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       130792                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       150576                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        281368                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5355883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    470248122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6257831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    197997107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6001834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    165997970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6423873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    198686793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5292826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    264341189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5592097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    263181976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4492969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    284034161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5875944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200874204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5412438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    163768989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5321951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    480700745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5875562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    187845486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4405926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    283266449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4540941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    287881964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5817279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    386112495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6108021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    159813522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4722072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    286952945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4369201564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5355883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    470248122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6257831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    197997107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6001834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    165997970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6423873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    198686793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5292826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    264341189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5592097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    263181976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4492969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    284034161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5875944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200874204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5412438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    163768989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5321951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    480700745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5875562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    187845486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4405926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    283266449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4540941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    287881964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5817279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    386112495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6108021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    159813522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4722072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    286952945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4369201564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               76296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14844                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             14844                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               180                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                76476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               76476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.425768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.327854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.352248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.378764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.356703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.323687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.436219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.332887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.377885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.398812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.314848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.382501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.379220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.011111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.425418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.350919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.326683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.356359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.378308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.355277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.322437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.435859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.377631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.383628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.397880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.313632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.382040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.378354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.425418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.350919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.326683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.356359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.378308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.355277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.322437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.435859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.377631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.383628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.397880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.313632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.382040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.378354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153025.228571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151546.284886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160457.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150339.488990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       157943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151319.936190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160596.825000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150977.806231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151223.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150718.994295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151137.756757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150218.022831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149765.633333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150521.547960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158809.297297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150693.326332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154641.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150939.160369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147831.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151640.613565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158798.972973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151122.675784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151928.482759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150353.623473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151364.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150565.880753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       149161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151297.999608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156615.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151338.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147564.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150552.437041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151001.285591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       130792                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       150576                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       140684                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153025.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151546.284886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160457.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150339.488990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       157943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151319.936190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160596.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150977.806231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151223.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150707.633409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151137.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150218.022831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149765.633333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150521.547960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158809.297297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150693.326332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154641.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150939.160369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147831.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151640.613565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158798.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151122.675784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151928.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150353.741507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151364.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150565.880753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       149161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151297.999608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156615.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151338.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147564.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150552.437041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151000.572456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153025.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151546.284886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160457.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150339.488990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       157943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151319.936190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160596.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150977.806231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151223.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150707.633409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151137.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150218.022831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149765.633333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150521.547960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158809.297297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150693.326332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154641.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150939.160369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147831.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151640.613565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158798.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151122.675784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151928.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150353.741507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151364.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150565.880753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       149161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151297.999608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156615.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151338.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147564.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150552.437041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151000.572456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8530                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8530                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            28933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             28935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            28935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3322204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    289601840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3990412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    121317243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3792918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    102110556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4099830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122048721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3256812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    162132658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3438076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    161127342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2744750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    174124116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3727451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    123231141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3377673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    100594036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3226109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    296171606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3727003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    115473930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2718655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    173412972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2793870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    176498144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3544129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    237500255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3839675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     98319147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2859854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    175922161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2684045289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        72742                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        91777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       164519                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3322204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    289601840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3990412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    121317243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3792918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    102110556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4099830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122048721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3256812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    162205400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3438076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    161127342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2744750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    174124116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3727451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    123231141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3377673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    100594036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3226109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    296171606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3727003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    115473930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2718655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    173504749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2793870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    176498144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3544129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    237500255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3839675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     98319147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2859854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    175922161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2684209808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3322204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    289601840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3990412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    121317243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3792918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    102110556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4099830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122048721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3256812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    162205400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3438076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    161127342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2744750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    174124116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3727451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    123231141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3377673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    100594036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3226109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    296171606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3727003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    115473930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2718655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    173504749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2793870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    176498144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3544129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    237500255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3839675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     98319147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2859854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    175922161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2684209808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.425768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.327854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.352248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.378764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.356703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.323687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.436219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.332887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.377885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.398812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.314848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.382501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.379220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.425418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.350919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.326683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.356359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.378308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.355277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.322437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.435859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.377631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.383628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.397880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.313632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.382040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.378354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.425418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.350919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.326683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.356359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.378308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.355277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.322437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.435859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.377631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.383628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.397880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.313632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.382040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.378354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94920.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93329.629391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102318.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92116.357631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99813.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93081.637192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102495.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92742.189210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93051.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92488.681118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92920.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91967.660959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91491.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92275.631161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100741.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92446.467367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96504.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92713.397235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89614.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93429.528707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 100729.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92899.380531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93746.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92093.984068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst        93129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92310.744770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90875.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93064.363245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98453.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93105.252841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89370.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92299.140084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92767.610998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        72742                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        91777                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82259.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94920.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93329.629391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102318.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92116.357631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99813.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93081.637192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102495.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92742.189210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93051.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92477.423033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92920.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91967.660959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91491.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92275.631161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100741.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92446.467367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96504.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92713.397235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89614.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93429.528707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 100729.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92899.380531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93746.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92093.815817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst        93129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92310.744770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90875.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93064.363245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98453.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93105.252841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89370.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92299.140084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92766.884673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94920.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93329.629391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102318.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92116.357631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99813.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93081.637192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102495.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92742.189210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93051.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92477.423033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92920.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91967.660959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91491.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92275.631161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100741.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92446.467367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96504.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92713.397235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89614.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93429.528707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 100729.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92899.380531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93746.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92093.815817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst        93129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92310.744770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90875.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93064.363245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98453.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93105.252841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89370.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92299.140084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92766.884673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              572.676266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001077161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1728976.098446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    31.378809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.297458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.050287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.867464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1069271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1069271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1069271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1069271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1069271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1069271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7736333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7736333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7736333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7736333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7736333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7736333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1069317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1069317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1069317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1069317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1069317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168181.152174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168181.152174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168181.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168181.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168181.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168181.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6292956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6292956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6292956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6292956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6292956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6292956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174804.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174804.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174804.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174804.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174804.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174804.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7294                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             52066.651523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.786405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.213595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.432759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.567241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2799714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        26056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        26056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3090035867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3090035867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1443451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1443451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3091479318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3091479318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3091479318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3091479318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2825752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2825752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4358548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4358548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4358548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4358548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118674.086604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118674.086604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 80191.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80191.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118647.502226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118647.502226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118647.502226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118647.502226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1425                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1425                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18762                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18762                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    792920559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    792920559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       394474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       394474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    793315033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    793315033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    793315033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    793315033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108798.100851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108798.100851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 65745.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65745.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108762.686180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108762.686180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108762.686180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108762.686180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              510.223834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              971546813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1882842.660853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    35.223834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.056448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1096451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1096451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1096451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1096451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1096451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1096451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9622121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9622121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9622121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9622121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9622121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9622121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1096498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1096498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1096498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1096498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1096498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1096498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 204725.978723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 204725.978723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 204725.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 204725.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 204725.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 204725.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8489193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8489193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8489193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8489193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8489193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8489193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 207053.487805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207053.487805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 207053.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207053.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 207053.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207053.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 3753                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              148001082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             36917.206785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   222.456077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    33.543923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.868969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.131031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       753111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        753111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       633544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       633544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1386655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1386655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1386655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1386655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        11966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11966                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        11966                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1426544145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1426544145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7433823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7433823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1433977968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1433977968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1433977968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1433977968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       764988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       764988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       633633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       633633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1398621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1398621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1398621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1398621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120109.804243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120109.804243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 83526.101124                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83526.101124                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119837.704162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119837.704162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119837.704162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119837.704162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8213                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8213                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    375390444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    375390444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1073158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1073158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    376463602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    376463602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    376463602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    376463602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100425.479936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100425.479936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 71543.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71543.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100310.045830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100310.045830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100310.045830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100310.045830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              488.195337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              974687838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1969066.339394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.195337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.053198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1104277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1104277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1104277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1104277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1104277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1104277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8787948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8787948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8787948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8787948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8787948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8787948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1104329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1104329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1104329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1104329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1104329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1104329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       168999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       168999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       168999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       168999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       168999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       168999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7112924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7112924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7112924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7112924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7112924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7112924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177823.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177823.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177823.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177823.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177823.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177823.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              144277583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 3614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             39921.854732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   219.147485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    36.852515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.856045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.143955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       878722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        878722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       651597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       651597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1584                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1584                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1530319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1530319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1530319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1530319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         8620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         8620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    915721564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    915721564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      3654143                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3654143                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    919375707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    919375707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    919375707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    919375707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       887299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       887299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       651640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       651640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1584                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1584                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1538939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1538939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1538939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1538939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000066                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106764.785356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106764.785356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84980.069767                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84980.069767                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106656.114501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106656.114501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106656.114501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106656.114501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    328420454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328420454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       842230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       842230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    329262684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329262684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    329262684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329262684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 98153.154214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98153.154214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 70185.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70185.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 98053.211435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98053.211435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 98053.211435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98053.211435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              510.139418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              971546617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1879200.419729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.139418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.056313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1096255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1096255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1096255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1096255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1096255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1096255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9934212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9934212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9934212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9934212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9934212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9934212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1096306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1096306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1096306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1096306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1096306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1096306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 194788.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 194788.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 194788.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 194788.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 194788.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 194788.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8367355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8367355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8367355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8367355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8367355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8367355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 199222.738095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199222.738095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 199222.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199222.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 199222.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199222.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148001826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             36935.818817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   222.478262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    33.521738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.869056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.130944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       753645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        753645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       633726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       633726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1612                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1612                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1387371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1387371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1387371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1387371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        11915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        11915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1422153377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1422153377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7240099                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7240099                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1429393476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1429393476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1429393476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1429393476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       765474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       765474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       633812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       633812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1399286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1399286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1399286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1399286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120226.001944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120226.001944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84187.197674                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84187.197674                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119965.881326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119965.881326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119965.881326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119965.881326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    375957397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    375957397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1010007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1010007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    376967404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    376967404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    376967404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    376967404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100630.994914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100630.994914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67333.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67333.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100497.841642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100497.841642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100497.841642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100497.841642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              513.719925                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              972760244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1877915.528958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.719925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.050833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.823269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1080903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1080903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1080903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1080903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1080903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1080903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7676916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7676916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7676916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7676916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7676916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7676916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1080950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1080950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1080950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1080950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1080950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1080950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163338.638298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163338.638298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163338.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163338.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163338.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163338.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6061609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6061609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6061609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6061609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6061609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6061609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168378.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168378.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168378.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168378.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168378.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168378.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4922                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              153801066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5178                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             29702.793743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   226.519695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    29.480305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.884843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.115157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       759563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        759563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       642534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       642534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1598                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1598                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1477                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1477                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1402097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1402097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1402097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1402097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          439                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          439                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        17459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        17459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2141265178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2141265178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     48782758                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48782758                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2190047936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2190047936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2190047936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2190047936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       776583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       776583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       642973                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       642973                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1598                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1598                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1477                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1477                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1419556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1419556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1419556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1419556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125808.764865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125808.764865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111122.455581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111122.455581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125439.483132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125439.483132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125439.483132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125439.483132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    496118720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    496118720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1145151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1145151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    497263871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    497263871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    497263871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    497263871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101124.891969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101124.891969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 71571.937500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71571.937500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101028.823852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101028.823852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101028.823852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101028.823852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              513.161548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              972761148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1870694.515385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    31.473278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   481.688270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.050438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.771936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1081807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1081807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1081807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1081807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1081807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1081807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7740222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7740222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7740222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7740222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7740222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7740222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1081854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1081854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1081854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1081854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1081854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1081854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164685.574468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164685.574468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164685.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164685.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164685.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164685.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6404012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6404012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6404012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6404012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6404012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6404012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168526.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168526.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168526.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168526.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168526.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168526.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4937                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              153801174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             29617.017909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   226.466186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    29.533814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.884634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.115366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       760162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        760162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       642092                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       642092                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1549                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1549                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1477                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1477                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1402254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1402254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1402254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1402254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        17449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17449                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        17449                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2126670271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2126670271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     46698988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46698988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2173369259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2173369259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2173369259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2173369259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       777191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       777191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       642512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       642512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1549                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1549                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1477                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1477                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1419703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1419703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1419703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1419703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000654                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000654                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124885.211756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124885.211756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 111188.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111188.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124555.519457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124555.519457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124555.519457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124555.519457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    495506433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    495506433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1009842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1009842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    496516275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    496516275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    496516275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    496516275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100671.766152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100671.766152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 67322.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67322.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100570.442576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100570.442576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100570.442576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100570.442576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              550.346569                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              888911612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1593031.562724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.017387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.329182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.038489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1095765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1095765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1095765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1095765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1095765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1095765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5613614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5613614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5613614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5613614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5613614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5613614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1095802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1095802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1095802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1095802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1095802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1095802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151719.297297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151719.297297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151719.297297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151719.297297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151719.297297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151719.297297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4872262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4872262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4872262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4872262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4872262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4872262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157169.741935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157169.741935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157169.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157169.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157169.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157169.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 4988                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              199350896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             38015.045004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   184.258916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    71.741084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.719761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.280239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1647161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1647161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       291211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1938372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1938372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1938372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1938372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        17808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        17808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1955220080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1955220080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2563384                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2563384                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1957783464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1957783464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1957783464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1957783464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1664939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1664939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       291241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1956180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1956180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1956180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1956180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109979.754753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109979.754753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85446.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85446.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109938.424528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109938.424528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109938.424528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109938.424528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12820                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12820                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    511682406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    511682406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       384677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    512067083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    512067083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    512067083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    512067083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102706.223605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102706.223605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64112.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64112.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102659.800120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102659.800120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102659.800120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102659.800120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              509.308998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              971546669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1890168.616732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.308998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.054982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1096307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1096307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1096307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1096307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1096307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1096307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8737172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8737172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8737172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8737172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8737172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8737172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1096351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1096351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1096351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1096351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1096351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1096351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 198572.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 198572.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 198572.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 198572.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 198572.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 198572.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7748340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7748340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7748340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7748340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7748340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7748340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 198675.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198675.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 198675.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198675.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 198675.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198675.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148000746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             36926.333832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   222.437035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    33.562965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.868895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.131105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       753412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        753412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       632875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       632875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1523                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1523                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1386287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1386287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1386287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1386287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        11928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        11928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1424766949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1424766949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7239379                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7239379                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1432006328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1432006328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1432006328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1432006328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       765254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       765254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       632961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       632961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1398215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1398215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1398215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1398215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120314.722935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120314.722935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84178.825581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84178.825581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120054.185781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120054.185781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120054.185781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120054.185781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    376797077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376797077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1054890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1054890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    377851967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    377851967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    377851967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    377851967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100828.760235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100828.760235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        70326                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        70326                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100706.814232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100706.814232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100706.814232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100706.814232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              487.570916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              974687924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1981073.016260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    32.570916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.052197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1104363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1104363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1104363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1104363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1104363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1104363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7651879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7651879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7651879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7651879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7651879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7651879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1104409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1104409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1104409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1104409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1104409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1104409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166345.195652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166345.195652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166345.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166345.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166345.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166345.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6238863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6238863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6238863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6238863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6238863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6238863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168617.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168617.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168617.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168617.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168617.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168617.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 3365                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              144279022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 3621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             39845.076498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   219.168966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    36.831034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.856129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.143871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       879599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        879599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       652156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       652156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1687                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1687                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1531755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1531755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1531755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1531755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           50                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           50                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         8603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         8603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    912649862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    912649862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4715723                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4715723                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    917365585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    917365585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    917365585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    917365585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       888152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       888152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       652206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       652206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1687                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1687                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1540358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1540358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1540358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1540358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106705.233485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106705.233485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94314.460000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94314.460000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106633.219226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106633.219226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106633.219226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106633.219226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5238                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5238                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    327448912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    327448912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       962809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       962809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    328411721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    328411721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    328411721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    328411721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 97687.622912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97687.622912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 74062.230769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74062.230769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 97596.350966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97596.350966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 97596.350966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97596.350966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              572.644197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001076669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1725994.256897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.346302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.297895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.050234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1068779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1068779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1068779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1068779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1068779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1068779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7975353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7975353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7975353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7975353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7975353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7975353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1068829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1068829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1068829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1068829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1068829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159507.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159507.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159507.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159507.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159507.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159507.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6160596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6160596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6160596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6160596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6160596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6160596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166502.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166502.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166502.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166502.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166502.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166502.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7272                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              393092787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 7528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             52217.426541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   110.778112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   145.221888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.432727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.567273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2793096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2793096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1528967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1528967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          746                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          746                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4322063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4322063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4322063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       4322063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        25959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        25979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        25979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        25979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        25979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3097430442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3097430442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1640991                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1640991                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3099071433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3099071433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3099071433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3099071433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2819055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2819055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1528987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1528987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4348042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4348042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4348042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4348042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119320.098694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119320.098694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 82049.550000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82049.550000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119291.405866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119291.405866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119291.405866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119291.405866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    799166198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    799166198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       406167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       406167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    799572365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    799572365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    799572365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    799572365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109971.955140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109971.955140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 67694.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67694.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109937.077547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109937.077547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109937.077547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109937.077547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              509.318029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              971547454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1890170.143969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    34.318029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.054997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1097092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1097092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1097092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1097092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1097092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1097092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9294297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9294297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9294297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9294297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9294297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9294297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1097137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1097137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1097137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1097137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1097137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1097137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 206539.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 206539.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 206539.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 206539.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 206539.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 206539.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8134081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8134081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8134081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8134081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8134081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8134081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 208566.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208566.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 208566.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208566.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 208566.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208566.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 3749                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148002786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             36954.503371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   222.455987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    33.544013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.868969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.131031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       754426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        754426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       633898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       633898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1620                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1620                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1388324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1388324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1388324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1388324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        11915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        11915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1406085692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1406085692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7514979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7514979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1413600671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1413600671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1413600671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1413600671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       766254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       766254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       633985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       633985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1620                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1620                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1400239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1400239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1400239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1400239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118877.721677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118877.721677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86379.068966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86379.068966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118640.425598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118640.425598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118640.425598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118640.425598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    369091091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    369091091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1073396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1073396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    370164487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    370164487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    370164487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    370164487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98846.034012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98846.034012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 71559.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71559.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98736.859696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98736.859696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98736.859696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98736.859696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              549.558048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              888911226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1595890.890485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.228415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.329633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.037225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1095379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1095379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1095379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1095379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1095379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1095379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5381929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5381929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5381929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5381929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5381929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5381929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1095414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1095414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1095414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1095414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1095414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1095414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153769.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153769.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153769.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153769.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153769.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153769.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4774806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4774806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4774806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4774806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4774806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4774806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159160.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159160.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159160.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159160.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159160.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159160.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4989                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              199350254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             38007.674738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   184.245964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    71.754036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.719711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.280289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1646523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1646523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       291211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1937734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1937734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1937734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1937734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        17805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        17805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1945584711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1945584711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3392889                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3392889                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1948977600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1948977600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1948977600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1948977600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1664298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1664298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       291241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1955539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1955539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1955539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1955539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109456.242532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109456.242532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113096.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113096.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109462.375737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109462.375737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109462.375737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109462.375737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12816                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12816                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    510989986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    510989986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       506685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       506685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    511496671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    511496671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    511496671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    511496671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102546.655830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102546.655830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84447.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84447.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102524.888956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102524.888956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102524.888956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102524.888956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              549.765071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              888910724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1593029.971326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.435170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.329901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.037556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1094877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1094877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1094877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1094877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1094877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1094877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5544769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5544769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5544769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5544769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5544769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5544769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1094914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1094914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1094914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1094914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1094914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1094914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149858.621622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149858.621622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149858.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149858.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149858.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149858.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4919991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4919991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4919991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4919991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4919991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4919991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158709.387097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158709.387097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158709.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158709.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158709.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158709.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4984                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              199349791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             38043.853244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   184.246726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    71.753274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.719714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.280286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1646058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1646058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       291211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          689                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          689                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1937269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1937269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1937269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1937269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        17854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        17854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1960426788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1960426788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2578057                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2578057                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1963004845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1963004845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1963004845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1963004845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1663882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1663882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       291241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          689                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          689                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1955123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1955123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1955123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1955123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109988.037926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109988.037926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85935.233333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85935.233333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109947.622101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109947.622101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109947.622101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109947.622101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    513856943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    513856943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       395084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       395084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    514252027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    514252027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    514252027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    514252027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103225.581157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103225.581157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65847.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65847.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103180.583266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103180.583266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103180.583266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103180.583266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              520.536658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              977197152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1843768.211321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.769214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   489.767444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.049310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.784884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1093637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1093637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1093637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1093637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1093637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1093637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7753952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7753952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7753952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7753952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7753952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7753952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1093689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1093689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1093689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1093689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1093689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1093689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149114.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149114.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149114.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149114.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149114.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149114.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6275203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6275203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6275203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6275203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6275203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6275203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156880.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156880.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156880.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156880.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156880.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156880.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 6414                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              162698079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             24392.515592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.966837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.033163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.890495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.109505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       757208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        757208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       626048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       626048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1736                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1736                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1383256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1383256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1383256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1383256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        16446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        16530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        16530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        16530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        16530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1933787621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1933787621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7130545                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7130545                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1940918166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1940918166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1940918166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1940918166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       773654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       773654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       626132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       626132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1736                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1736                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1399786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1399786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1399786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1399786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117584.070351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117584.070351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84887.440476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84887.440476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117417.916878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117417.916878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117417.916878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117417.916878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10116                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10116                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    671242915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    671242915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1014579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1014579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    672257494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    672257494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    672257494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    672257494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104898.095796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104898.095796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67638.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67638.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104810.959464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104810.959464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104810.959464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104810.959464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              491.387173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              974688224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1965097.225806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    36.387173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.058313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1104663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1104663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1104663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1104663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1104663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1104663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8702863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8702863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8702863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8702863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8702863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8702863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1104715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1104715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1104715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1104715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1104715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1104715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167362.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167362.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167362.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167362.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167362.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167362.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7116553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7116553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7116553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7116553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7116553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7116553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173574.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173574.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173574.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173574.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173574.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173574.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 3367                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              144279106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 3623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             39823.104057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   219.267745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    36.732255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.856515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.143485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       879580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        879580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       652266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       652266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1531846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1531846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1531846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1531846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           56                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           56                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         8713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         8713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    911900091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    911900091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4830360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4830360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    916730451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    916730451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    916730451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    916730451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       888237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       888237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       652322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       652322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1540559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1540559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1540559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1540559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105336.732240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105336.732240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86256.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86256.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105214.099736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105214.099736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105214.099736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105214.099736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          717                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             717                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5346                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5346                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    325543976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325543976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       955677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       955677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    326499653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    326499653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    326499653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    326499653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 97061.412045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97061.412045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 73513.615385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73513.615385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 96970.493911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96970.493911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 96970.493911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96970.493911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              550.233450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              888910951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1587340.983929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.904291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.329159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.038308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.843476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1095104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1095104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1095104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1095104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1095104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1095104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5920837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5920837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5920837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5920837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5920837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5920837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1095143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1095143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1095143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1095143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1095143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1095143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151816.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151816.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151816.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151816.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151816.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151816.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5167682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5167682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5167682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5167682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5167682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5167682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156596.424242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156596.424242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156596.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156596.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156596.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156596.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4989                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              199350903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             38007.798475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   184.408222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    71.591778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.720345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.279655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1647170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1647170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       291211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          689                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          689                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1938381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1938381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1938381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1938381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        17837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        17837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1956941572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1956941572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2718662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2718662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1959660234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1959660234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1959660234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1959660234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1664977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1664977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       291241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          689                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          689                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1956218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1956218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1956218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1956218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109897.319706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109897.319706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 90622.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90622.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109864.900712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109864.900712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109864.900712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109864.900712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12848                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12848                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    512935506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    512935506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       426164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       426164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    513361670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    513361670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    513361670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    513361670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102937.087297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102937.087297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 71027.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71027.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102898.711165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102898.711165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102898.711165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102898.711165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
