
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010169                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10169444886                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536356429650                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 299911                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   379743                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 189490                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67612292                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 53667.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16095470314                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20379855688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       134528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       244224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       132864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       379648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       133120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       225536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       376576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       375424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       344576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       134272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       238848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       221184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       161664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       371200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       135808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       165760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3845888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1161472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1161472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2692                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1728                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       427949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13228647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       365015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     24015470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       453122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13065020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       415362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     37332225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       440535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13090193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       415362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     22177808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       427949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     37030143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       415362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     36916863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       440535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     33883462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       453122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13203474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       339842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23486828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       427949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21749860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       503469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     15897033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       415362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     36501501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       490882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13354515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       516056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16299808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               378180721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       427949                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       365015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       453122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       415362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       440535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       415362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       427949                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       415362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       440535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       453122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       339842                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       427949                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       503469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       415362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       490882                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       516056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6947872                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         114211937                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              114211937                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         114211937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       427949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13228647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       365015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     24015470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       453122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13065020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       415362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     37332225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       440535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13090193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       415362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     22177808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       427949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     37030143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       415362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     36916863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       440535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     33883462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       453122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13203474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       339842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23486828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       427949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21749860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       503469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     15897033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       415362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     36501501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       490882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13354515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       516056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16299808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              492392658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               24387159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2211574                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841373                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202578                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       848782                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808641                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237559                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9477                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19225860                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12129602                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2211574                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1046200                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2528256                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        565321                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       639996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1195566                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193482                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     22755000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20226744     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         154619      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         195652      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         310063      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130620      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168563      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         195130      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          89687      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1283922      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     22755000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090686                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.497377                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19112413                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       764664                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2516046                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       360602                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336380                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14828072                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1652                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       360602                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19132422                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         62556                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       647420                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2497260                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54736                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14735230                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        38150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20575198                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68521087                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68521087                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3387148                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3550                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1844                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          193812                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383402                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721122                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8126                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       163869                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14383211                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3565                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13788918                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13302                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1764321                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3609461                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22755000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16912798     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2663644     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089611      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611132      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827527      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255182      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       249826      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134558      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10722      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22755000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94189     78.77%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13022     10.89%     89.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12366     10.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11615474     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188513      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264618      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718608      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13788918                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565417                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119577                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008672                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50465715                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16151185                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13427263                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13908495                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10275                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266060                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           89                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10901                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       360602                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47689                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6155                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14386781                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10780                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383402                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721122                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5396                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           89                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119001                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114497                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233498                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13547134                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243454                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241784                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1961952                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915268                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718498                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.555503                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13427367                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13427263                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8046814                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21616920                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.550587                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372246                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2064474                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       204090                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22394398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370469                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17177767     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2644292     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960225      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477941      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437234      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183434      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181918      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86519      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245068      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22394398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       245068                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36536082                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29134285                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                294057                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1632159                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.438715                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.438715                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.410052                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.410052                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60953499                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18762761                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13710696                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               24387159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1847280                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1652965                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       148255                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1233323                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1217657                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107684                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4406                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19588824                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10501046                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1847280                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1325341                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2339498                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        490028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       287303                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1186118                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       145156                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22556595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20217097     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         360131      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         176405      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         356861      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         110494      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         331421      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          50996      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          83205      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         869985      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22556595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075748                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.430597                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19352296                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       528598                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2334787                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1833                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       339077                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       170692                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1895                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     11709853                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4509                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       339077                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19379126                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        321012                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       126790                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2309651                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        80935                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     11691837                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         9015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        64962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     15282117                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     52931293                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     52931293                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     12342955                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2939156                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1532                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          780                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          174437                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2144061                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       334109                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2274                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        75838                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         11631270                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1536                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        10874451                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7506                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2137925                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4399439                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22556595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17787035     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1488527      6.60%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1612505      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       931485      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       472713      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       119276      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       138955      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3295      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2804      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22556595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18068     57.54%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7346     23.39%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5986     19.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8504457     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82804      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          753      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1955583     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       330854      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     10874451                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.445909                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31400                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002888                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44344403                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13770762                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10595770                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     10905851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8535                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       443041                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9174                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       339077                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        215872                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9930                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11632814                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          445                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2144061                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       334109                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3973                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          228                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99612                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57560                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       157172                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10739523                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1928593                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       134928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2259418                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1635166                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           330825                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.440376                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             10598640                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            10595770                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6417265                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        13844288                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.434482                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.463532                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8445672                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      9478539                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2154748                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1519                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       147142                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22217518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298384                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18704462     84.19%     84.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1368782      6.16%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       890542      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       278439      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468835      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89666      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56607      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51436      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       308749      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22217518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8445672                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      9478539                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2025951                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1701016                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1457145                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         8274352                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       115674                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       308749                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           33542030                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          23605945                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                441067                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1830564                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8445672                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             9478539                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8445672                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.887533                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.887533                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.346316                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.346316                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       49969939                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      13772821                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12489562                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               24387159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2211348                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841685                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202516                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       849648                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808833                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237151                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9463                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19233533                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12127582                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2211348                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1045984                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2527806                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        564282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       633566                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1195760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193527                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22754817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20227011     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         154667      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         196923      0.87%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         310594      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         129972      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         167498      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         194951      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          89404      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1283797      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22754817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090677                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.497294                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19120335                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       757913                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2515694                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1251                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       359622                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       335808                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          290                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14820821                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       359622                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19140057                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         62181                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       641384                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2497154                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        54415                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14728943                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         7704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        38014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     20573093                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     68489371                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     68489371                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17195827                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3377223                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3548                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1841                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          192265                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1379521                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       720636                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8128                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       163032                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14377289                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3562                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13786795                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13422                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1756115                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3580744                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22754817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16911870     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2665686     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089670      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610905      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826368      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254433      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250632      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134399      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10854      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22754817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94725     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12761     10.65%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12365     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11614646     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188567      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1706      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1263711      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718165      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13786795                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.565330                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119851                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008693                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50461679                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16137052                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13427017                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13906646                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10294                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       261644                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           87                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10071                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       359622                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         47341                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6096                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14380856                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1379521                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720636                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1842                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5331                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           87                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119434                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113954                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       233388                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13545942                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243003                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       240852                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1961056                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1915405                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           718053                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.555454                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13427123                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13427017                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8046477                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        21610076                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.550577                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372348                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10004567                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12328049                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2052831                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       204022                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22395195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17175791     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645708     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960561      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478592      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437156      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183946      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181899      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86641      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244901      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22395195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10004567                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12328049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1828439                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1117874                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1786798                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11099384                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       254584                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       244901                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           36531096                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          29121422                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                293991                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1632342                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10004567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12328049                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10004567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.437603                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.437603                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.410239                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.410239                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       60951084                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      18764582                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13708613                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               24387159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1896873                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1711123                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       102410                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       855964                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         677660                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104745                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4503                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20142128                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11942481                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1896873                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       782405                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2361348                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        320043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       446892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1158699                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       102794                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23165484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20804136     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          84389      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         171892      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          72425      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         391863      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         348942      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          68941      0.30%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         141638      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1081258      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23165484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077782                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.489704                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20029316                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       561135                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2352700                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         7449                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       214879                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       166760                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          237                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14004350                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1433                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       214879                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20050236                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        393662                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       102915                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2340435                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        63352                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13996134                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        26374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        23072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          679                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     16442474                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     65924353                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     65924353                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     14553601                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1888856                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1630                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          828                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          162281                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3301026                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1668998                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15215                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        80819                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13967034                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1634                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13427083                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7203                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1090289                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2593709                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23165484                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18395458     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1427866      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1173762      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       505274      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       642393      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       621377      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       353678      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28062      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17614      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23165484                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34034     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       264846     86.39%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7688      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8426586     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117218      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          802      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3217971     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1664506     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13427083                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.550580                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306568                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50333421                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15059307                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13311095                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13733651                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24576                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       130864                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          351                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11589                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1192                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       214879                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        358494                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17039                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13968679                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3301026                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1668998                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          828                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11513                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          351                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59885                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       119546                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13332218                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3206897                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94865                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            4871182                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1745338                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1664285                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.546690                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13311592                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13311095                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7190647                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        14171230                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.545824                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507412                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10801686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12693438                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1276354                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1614                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       104434                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22950605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18349201     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1676974      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       788485      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       779187      3.40%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211741      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907024      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67486      0.29%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49123      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121384      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22950605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10801686                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12693438                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              4827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             3170154                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               806                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1675794                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11287828                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       122872                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       121384                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36798987                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          28154515                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                444046                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1221675                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10801686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12693438                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10801686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.257718                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.257718                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.442925                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.442925                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       65910123                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      15466102                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      16670284                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1612                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               24387159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2212505                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1842389                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202728                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       846824                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808007                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237548                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9421                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19228690                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12134569                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2212505                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1045555                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2528373                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        566524                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       636525                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1195996                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193701                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     22755540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20227167     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         154570      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         194970      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         310194      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         130318      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         168003      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         195661      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          90303      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1284354      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     22755540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090724                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.497580                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19115433                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       761048                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2516150                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1236                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       361671                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       336291                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14834186                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1583                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       361671                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19135327                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         62768                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       643718                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2497509                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        54543                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14742024                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         7792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        38040                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     20585613                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     68551158                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     68551158                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17185991                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3399597                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          192520                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383889                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       721382                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8086                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       164869                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14390112                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13791897                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14022                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1770167                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3626935                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22755540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16912158     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664847     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089014      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611505      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827181      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255463      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       249938      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134632      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10802      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22755540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94688     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13089     10.90%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12349     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11618360     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188390      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264631      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718811      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13791897                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.565539                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            120126                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50473482                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16163947                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429982                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13912023                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10089                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266668                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           87                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11226                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       361671                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         48031                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6082                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14393699                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383889                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721382                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5319                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           87                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119276                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114606                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       233882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549799                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243091                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242098                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1961811                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1915267                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           718720                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.555612                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13430088                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13429982                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8047607                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        21623898                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.550699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372163                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9998847                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12320949                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2072814                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       204233                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22393869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17177336     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2644659     11.81%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960376      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477711      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       436943      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183190      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       182017      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86515      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245122      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22393869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9998847                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12320949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1827377                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1117221                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1785734                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11093019                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       254436                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       245122                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36542432                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29149223                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                294122                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1631619                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9998847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12320949                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9998847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.438997                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.438997                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.410005                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.410005                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       60965176                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18766456                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13715626                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               24387159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1983676                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1626367                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196598                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       833112                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         774699                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204134                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8933                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18997568                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11280208                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1983676                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       978833                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2481604                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        556206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       600796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1171526                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195132                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     22436453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965742                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       19954849     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         268574      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         311475      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         171763      0.77%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         195401      0.87%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         108629      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          74665      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         191965      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1159132      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     22436453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081341                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.462547                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       18840582                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       761033                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2460313                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        20091                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       354432                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       321956                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2054                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13770697                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        10696                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       354432                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       18871050                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        233767                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       442609                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2451057                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        83536                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13762190                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        20054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        39701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19131782                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     64083435                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     64083435                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16338744                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2793038                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3573                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          225968                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1316070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       715941                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17960                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       157556                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13740297                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3578                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12992139                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17813                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1706794                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3942659                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          369                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22436453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16961163     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2203265      9.82%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1184473      5.28%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817779      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       715501      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       364124      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89934      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57349      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42865      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22436453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3218     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12019     42.82%     54.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12830     45.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10874598     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       202752      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1592      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1202825      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710372      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12992139                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.532745                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28067                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48466611                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15450800                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12772931                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13020206                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       233058                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           79                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          134                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15158                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          796                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       354432                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        189899                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12851                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13743901                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1316070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       715941                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1976                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9101                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          134                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113748                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109951                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       223699                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12796404                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1128494                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195735                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1838641                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1790952                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           710147                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.524719                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12773219                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12772931                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7593080                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        19881686                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.523756                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381913                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9595723                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11773093                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1971001                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3209                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       197579                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22082021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17272126     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2230380     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934552      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       561559      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       389227      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251543      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130784      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105195      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206655      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22082021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9595723                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11773093                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1783795                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1083012                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1685014                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10613938                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       239577                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       206655                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35619395                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27842636                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                292588                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1950706                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9595723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11773093                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9595723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.541461                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.541461                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393474                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393474                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       57731137                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17730700                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12852543                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3204                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               24387159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1901414                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1714984                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101700                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       741133                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         677412                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104835                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4432                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20143960                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11966006                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1901414                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       782247                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2365162                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        319740                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       451821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1158317                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       102050                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23176498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20811336     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          84205      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         172884      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          72233      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         392143      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         349290      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          67727      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         141937      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1084743      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23176498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077968                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.490668                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20030723                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       566509                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2356492                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         7453                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       215316                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       167439                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14030846                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1451                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       215316                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20051917                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        396754                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       104661                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2344023                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        63822                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14022707                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        26431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        23400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          601                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     16474539                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     66044012                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     66044012                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     14580726                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        1893737                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1641                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          837                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          163327                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3304813                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1670808                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15421                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        81724                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13993537                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1644                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13446221                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7252                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1097509                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2629720                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23176498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377913                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18402833     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1425518      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1175848      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       506008      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       643949      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       622249      2.68%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354330      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28142      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17621      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23176498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34162     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265179     86.37%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7683      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8439061     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117692      0.88%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          804      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3221903     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1666761     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13446221                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.551365                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            307024                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022833                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50383216                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15093037                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13330215                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13753245                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24785                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       130360                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          348                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11061                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1191                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       215316                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        361559                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17184                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13995188                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3304813                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1670808                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          836                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11699                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          348                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58369                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60371                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       118740                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13351560                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3210832                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94661                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            4877427                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1748487                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1666595                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.547483                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13330743                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13330215                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7199953                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14191985                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.546608                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507325                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10820091                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12715479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1280856                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       103698                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22961182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18352259     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1679791      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       789338      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       781011      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211793      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       908211      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67607      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49266      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121906      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22961182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10820091                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12715479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              4834175                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             3174441                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1678788                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11307537                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       123174                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       121906                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           36835585                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          28208102                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                443238                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1210661                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10820091                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12715479                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10820091                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.253877                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.253877                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.443680                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.443680                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       65998562                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      15487885                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      16699535                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               24387159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1901847                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1715574                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101680                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       717706                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         677566                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104899                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4437                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20149665                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11967670                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1901847                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       782465                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2365426                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        319895                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       449277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1158515                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       102013                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23180094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934708                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20814668     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          84346      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         172542      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          71913      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         392522      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         349391      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          67710      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         142021      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1084981      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23180094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077986                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.490737                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20036417                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       563990                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2356754                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         7435                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       215493                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       167280                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          234                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14033723                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1414                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       215493                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20057511                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        395715                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       103659                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2344342                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        63369                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14025476                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        26445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        23276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          295                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     16477820                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     66058162                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     66058162                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     14581828                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        1895986                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1635                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          831                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          163080                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3305223                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1670901                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15204                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        80664                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         13995733                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1639                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13446066                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7103                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1100257                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2641484                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23180094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18405457     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1427161      6.16%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1175463      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       506057      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       643349      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       622569      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354394      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27949      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17695      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23180094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34235     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265112     86.35%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7680      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8438845     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117717      0.88%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          804      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3221943     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1666757     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13446066                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.551358                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            307027                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50386356                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15097978                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13329880                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13753093                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24586                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       130527                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          350                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11038                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1190                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       215493                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        360672                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17136                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13997379                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3305223                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1670901                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          831                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11641                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          350                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58551                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60342                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       118893                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13351166                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3210873                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94900                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            4877455                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1748304                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1666582                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.547467                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13330397                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13329880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7200153                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        14190695                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.546594                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507386                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10821033                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12716493                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1282118                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       103680                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22964601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553743                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18354951     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1680436      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       789554      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       780612      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       212075      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       908060      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67703      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49385      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121825      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22964601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10821033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12716493                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              4834551                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             3174693                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1678930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11308419                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       123178                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       121825                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           36841361                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          28212761                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                443526                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1207065                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10821033                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12716493                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10821033                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.253681                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.253681                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.443718                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.443718                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       65997761                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      15486682                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      16701282                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               24386928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1980295                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1619184                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195660                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       844447                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         780997                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203351                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8755                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19227596                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11231876                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1980295                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       984348                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2353670                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        567158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       335256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1184183                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197068                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     22283752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       19930082     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         128056      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         200967      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         318425      1.43%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         133536      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         150973      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         158375      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         103785      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1159553      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     22283752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081203                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460570                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19054071                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       510572                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2346150                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         6027                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       366930                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       324799                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13716303                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1640                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       366930                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19082590                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        163945                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       264335                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2324115                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        81835                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13707032                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         2248                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        23673                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        30481                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3974                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19024938                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     63757410                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     63757410                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16220758                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2804108                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3494                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1926                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          248161                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1309368                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       702874                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21195                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       159781                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13686544                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3502                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12948371                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16612                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1752429                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3893496                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          340                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22283752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16824586     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2190003      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1198417      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       818262      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       762998      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220833      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170198      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58237      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40218      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22283752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3084     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9459     38.68%     51.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11914     48.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10846055     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204388      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1568      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1198013      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       698347      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12948371                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530955                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24457                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001889                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48221563                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15442632                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12737855                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12972828                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38591                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238790                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22171                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          837                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       366930                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        112125                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11687                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13690064                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1309368                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       702874                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1923                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8713                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113275                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112121                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       225396                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12762925                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1126480                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185446                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1824460                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1795229                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           697980                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523351                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12738074                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12737855                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7447829                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        19452904                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522323                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382865                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9527846                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11678729                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2011284                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3162                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       199563                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21916822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17173217     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2297190     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       895387      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481973      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360747      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201512      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124495      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111080      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271221      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21916822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9527846                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11678729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1751258                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1070568                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1676327                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10523537                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       237285                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       271221                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           35335549                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          27747065                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                312175                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2103176                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9527846                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11678729                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9527846                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.559543                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.559543                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390695                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390695                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       57553847                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17656969                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12792040                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3158                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               24387159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2212551                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1842353                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202484                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       848894                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         809162                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237557                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9430                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19229310                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12136021                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2212551                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1046719                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2529141                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        565051                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       632201                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1195756                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193397                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     22751367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20222226     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         154572      0.68%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         195383      0.86%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         310322      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         130902      0.58%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         168284      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         195684      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          89836      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1284158      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     22751367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090726                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.497640                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19115544                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       757211                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2516909                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1274                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       360427                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       336333                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14834302                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1633                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       360427                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19135583                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         62651                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       639716                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2498117                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        54869                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14741676                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         7873                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        38212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     20584482                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     68549048                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     68549048                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17193996                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3390478                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3573                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1866                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          194037                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382914                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       721629                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8160                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       164919                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14388277                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3589                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13795120                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13767                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1764248                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3603398                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          143                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22751367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16906253     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2666065     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089476      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611240      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827010      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255588      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250499      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134479      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10757      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22751367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94555     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13069     10.89%     89.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12341     10.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11620397     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188496      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1706      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265412      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       719109      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13795120                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565671                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119965                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008696                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50475339                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16156200                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13432927                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13915085                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10270                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265178                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11150                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       360427                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         47872                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6122                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14391871                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11082                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382914                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721629                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1867                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5350                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119367                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114199                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       233566                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13552778                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243900                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242342                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1962913                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1915970                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           719013                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.555734                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13433024                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13432927                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8049512                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        21625261                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.550820                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372227                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10003486                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12326699                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2065224                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3446                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       203990                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22390940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17171898     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645482     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       961050      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478410      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437096      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183363      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       182017      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86406      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245218      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22390940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10003486                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12326699                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1828212                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1117733                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1786594                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11098185                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       254562                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       245218                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36537567                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29144294                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                293844                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1635792                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10003486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12326699                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10003486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.437866                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.437866                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.410195                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.410195                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60979505                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18769014                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13718006                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3444                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               24387159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1848681                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1654497                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       148259                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1234289                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1217910                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107905                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4393                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19598732                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10511281                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1848681                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1325815                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2341485                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        490168                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       287546                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1186687                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       145191                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22568872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.760026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20227387     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         360701      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         176352      0.78%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         356666      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         110376      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         331603      1.47%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          51197      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          83122      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         871468      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22568872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075806                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.431017                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19363382                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       527690                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2336697                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1882                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       339217                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       170520                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1892                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     11722374                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4490                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       339217                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19390109                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        320304                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       126629                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2311682                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        80927                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     11704443                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        64841                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     15300492                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     52991297                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     52991297                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     12354098                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2946394                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1524                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          771                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          175040                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2145337                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       334744                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2254                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        76109                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         11642541                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1528                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        10884002                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7185                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2140998                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4407249                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22568872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17795865     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1489038      6.60%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1613461      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       932488      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       473438      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       119601      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       138841      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3345      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2795      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22568872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17862     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7345     23.53%     80.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6005     19.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8512619     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82997      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          754      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1956207     17.97%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       331425      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     10884002                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.446301                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31212                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44375273                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13785096                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10604945                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     10915214                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8774                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       443574                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9339                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       339217                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        215502                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9939                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11644075                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          475                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2145337                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       334744                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          770                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3986                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          219                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99456                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57781                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       157237                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10748271                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1929088                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2260483                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1636343                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           331395                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.440735                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             10607826                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            10604945                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6423765                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        13861126                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.434858                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.463437                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8452144                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9486589                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2157955                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1518                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       147144                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22229655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18713601     84.18%     84.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1369704      6.16%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       891730      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       279043      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468746      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89434      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56783      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51468      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       309146      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22229655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8452144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9486589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2027168                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1701763                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1458313                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         8281608                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       115848                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       309146                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           33565027                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          23628592                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                441109                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1818287                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8452144                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9486589                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8452144                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.885322                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.885322                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.346582                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.346582                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       50010945                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      13786606                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12501084                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               24387159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1985588                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1628428                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196706                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       835004                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776165                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204015                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8900                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19004733                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11285768                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1985588                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       980180                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2482637                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        555948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       596343                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1171796                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195138                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22439834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       19957197     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         267952      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         312215      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         171905      0.77%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         196033      0.87%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         108864      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          74939      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         191850      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1158879      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22439834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081419                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.462775                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18848159                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       756230                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2461442                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19945                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       354056                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       321759                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         2065                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13774267                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        10694                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       354056                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18878720                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        243074                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       428392                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2451981                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        83609                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13765048                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        20341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        39524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     19136165                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     64093955                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     64093955                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16347242                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2788889                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3630                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2034                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          226896                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1314966                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       715957                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18071                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       157429                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13743405                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3635                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12995103                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17570                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1703744                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3933784                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          425                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22439834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16961526     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2206759      9.83%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1184265      5.28%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817080      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       715770      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       364279      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89809      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57523      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42823      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22439834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3315     11.85%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11842     42.33%     54.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12819     45.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10878279     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       202799      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1592      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1201991      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710442      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12995103                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.532867                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27976                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48475584                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15450918                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12777411                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13023079                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32377                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231376                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           69                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14815                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          797                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       354056                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        197854                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13275                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13747063                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1314966                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       715957                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2032                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9459                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          138                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114068                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109902                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       223970                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12800400                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1128499                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1838740                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1791659                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           710241                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.524883                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12777717                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12777411                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7596129                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        19887328                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.523940                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381958                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9600733                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11779253                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1967995                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3210                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       197668                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22085778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17273159     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2231800     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934889      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       561840      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       389720      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251683      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130754      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105128      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206805      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22085778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9600733                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11779253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1784732                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1083590                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1685898                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10619498                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       239706                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       206805                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35626156                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          27848589                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                292576                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1947325                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9600733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11779253                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9600733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.540135                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.540135                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393680                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393680                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       57750507                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      17736439                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12858554                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3206                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               24387159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2014971                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1648367                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198696                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       825568                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         790970                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207838                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9037                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19405788                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11266143                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2014971                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       998808                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2349911                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        542500                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       436934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1188673                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198797                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     22533859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20183948     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         108634      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         173037      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         235926      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         241717      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         205083      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         115683      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         171513      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1098318      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     22533859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082624                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461970                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19211367                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       633325                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2345486                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2715                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       340965                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       331796                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13823201                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1539                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       340965                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19263461                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        129105                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       384880                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2296744                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       118701                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13817990                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        15800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        51908                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19282689                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     64279299                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     64279299                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     16698311                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2584332                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3378                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          358745                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1293769                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       700588                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8173                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       223839                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13801194                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3391                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13103796                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1959                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1531339                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3672415                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           79                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22533859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16945737     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2331882     10.35%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1171136      5.20%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       855612      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676205      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276483      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174042      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90777      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11985      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22533859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2684     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8050     37.07%     49.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10981     50.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11020853     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195422      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1641      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1187621      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       698259      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13103796                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.537324                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21715                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48765118                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15335989                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12904588                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13125511                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26526                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       208652                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10277                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       340965                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        102749                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11580                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13804611                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1293769                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700588                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1737                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9832                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115142                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111945                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       227087                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12920627                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1116610                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       183162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1814808                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1836197                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           698198                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.529813                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12904708                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12904588                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7406407                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        19962053                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.529155                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371024                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9734432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11978658                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1825939                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3312                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       200965                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22192894                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17240995     77.69%     77.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2473179     11.14%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       917481      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437558      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       391277      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212995      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171746      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84020      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263643      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22192894                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9734432                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11978658                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1775424                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1085113                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1727491                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10792565                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       246734                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       263643                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           35733770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          27950204                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                295792                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1853300                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9734432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11978658                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9734432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.505247                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.505247                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.399162                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.399162                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       58149235                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      17976572                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12814282                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               24387159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1901433                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1715022                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101846                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       724890                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         676710                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         105150                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4493                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20150439                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11967186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1901433                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       781860                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2365250                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        319843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       449396                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1158724                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       102193                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23180583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20815333     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          84252      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         172662      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          72497      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         391935      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         349243      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          67657      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         141928      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1085076      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23180583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077969                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.490717                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20037508                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       563798                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2356556                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         7456                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       215260                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       167389                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14032342                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1453                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       215260                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20058676                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        394445                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       104245                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2344036                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        63916                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14023954                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        26371                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        23452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          686                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     16476995                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     66050270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     66050270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     14581696                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        1895287                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1639                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          835                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          163764                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3305289                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1670925                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15308                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        81059                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13994371                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1643                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13449227                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7362                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1095600                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2621910                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23180583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18405430     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1426360      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1176022      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       506096      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       644163      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       622530      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354322      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27979      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17681      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23180583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34029     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265168     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7711      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8441571     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117710      0.88%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          804      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3222422     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1666720     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13449227                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.551488                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306908                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022820                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50393307                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15091971                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13332437                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13756135                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24571                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       130646                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          358                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11092                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1190                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       215260                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        359252                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17217                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13996025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          214                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3305289                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1670925                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          835                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11767                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          358                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58415                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60413                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       118828                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13353908                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3211335                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        95319                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            4877858                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1748727                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1666523                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.547579                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13332945                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13332437                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7202196                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        14193541                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.546699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507428                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10820910                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12716352                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1280897                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       103851                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22965323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18355508     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1680642      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       789345      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       781094      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211737      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       908210      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67587      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49382      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121818      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22965323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10820910                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12716352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              4834469                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3174636                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1678912                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11308296                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       123178                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       121818                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           36840728                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          28209796                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                443546                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1206576                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10820910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12716352                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10820910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.253707                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.253707                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.443713                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.443713                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       66009828                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      15492522                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      16701016                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               24387159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2211355                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1840874                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202505                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847509                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807940                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237583                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9473                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19227708                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12127508                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2211355                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1045523                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2527710                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        565010                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       633412                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1195618                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193460                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     22749478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20221768     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         154849      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         195530      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         309946      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         130428      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         168908      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         195113      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          90045      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1282891      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     22749478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.090677                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.497291                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19114087                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       758268                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2515481                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1282                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       360358                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       336633                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          290                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14822971                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1640                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       360358                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19134212                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         62443                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       640822                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2496620                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        55019                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14729865                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         7823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        38388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     20569360                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     68493427                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     68493427                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17187550                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3381786                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3579                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1873                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          195516                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380875                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       721324                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8098                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       164337                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14380937                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13789563                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13232                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1761289                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3590328                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          149                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22749478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16906760     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664415     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090443      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610204      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826541      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255083      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250860      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134465      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10707      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22749478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94380     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12931     10.81%     89.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12357     10.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11616299     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188485      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264252      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718822      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13789563                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.565444                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119668                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008678                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50461503                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16145911                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13428091                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13909231                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10223                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       263560                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           92                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11115                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            7                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       360358                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         47599                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6124                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14384537                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11121                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380875                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721324                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1873                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5371                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           92                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118904                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114382                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       233286                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13547577                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243115                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1961820                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1915776                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           718705                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.555521                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13428192                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13428091                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8046893                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        21611109                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.550621                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372350                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9999727                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322024                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2062553                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3446                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       204009                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22389120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17171810     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645158     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960023      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478267      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       436819      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183712      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181970      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86525      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244836      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22389120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9999727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12322024                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1827524                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1117315                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1785896                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11093975                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       254455                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       244836                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           36528783                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29129541                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                293908                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1637681                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9999727                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12322024                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9999727                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.438782                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.438782                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.410041                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.410041                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60954292                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18763312                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13708868                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3444                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               24387159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2014858                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1648623                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198453                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       823277                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         790429                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207676                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9000                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19397299                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11268229                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2014858                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       998105                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2349686                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        543027                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       436135                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1188175                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198605                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22525121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20175435     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         108632      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         172984      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         235551      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         241839      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         204807      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         114422      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         172125      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1099326      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22525121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082620                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.462056                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19202044                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       633330                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2345323                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2685                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       341738                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       331510                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13826049                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1563                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       341738                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19254379                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        130604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       382880                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2296348                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       119169                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13821011                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        15816                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        52164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19286489                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     64292321                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     64292321                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16693398                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2593091                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3324                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1679                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          360442                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1293829                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       700592                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8086                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       222988                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13803628                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3336                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13101244                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1929                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1539995                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3691822                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22525121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16938574     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2331315     10.35%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1171112      5.20%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854392      3.79%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675903      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276635      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174490      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90798      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11902      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22525121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2696     12.40%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8042     36.98%     49.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11008     50.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11018945     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195458      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1641      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1186841      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       698359      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13101244                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.537219                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21746                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48751284                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15347024                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12902863                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13122990                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26076                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       209019                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10461                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       341738                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        103996                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11587                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13806991                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1293829                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700592                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1683                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9824                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115019                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111870                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       226889                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12918852                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1116436                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       182392                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1814741                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1835414                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           698305                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.529740                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12902995                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12902863                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7406946                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        19962665                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.529084                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371040                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9731611                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11975188                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1831818                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3311                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       200719                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22183383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17233832     77.69%     77.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2471638     11.14%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916498      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       438124      1.98%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       391036      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212964      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171357      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84396      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263538      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22183383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9731611                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11975188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1774941                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1084810                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1726982                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10789462                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       246668                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       263538                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           35726773                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          27955768                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                295640                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1862038                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9731611                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11975188                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9731611                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.505973                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.505973                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.399047                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.399047                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       58141904                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      17973578                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12816443                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          30056                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.562581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1549851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          62815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          24.673263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           251.352723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.945538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   472.664716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    20.185370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   900.356690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    26.772187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   466.034578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    20.802371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1306.530827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.758449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   466.354555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.601100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   755.314109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    21.642731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1295.037142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    19.652868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1301.425144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    21.524940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1184.993223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.624807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   474.380997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.937419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   866.852789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.805915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   731.660771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    26.009565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   560.100674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    20.999354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1280.475047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.695958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   481.817332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.253568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   570.902073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           827.030246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1335.052217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           832.527931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1441.653441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           852.773025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1292.462253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1441.249489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1475.929825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1640.374240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           832.934983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1406.167519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1326.271521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1024.958249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1458.692728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           842.547494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           997.471888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.014425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.027477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.014222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.039872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.014232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.023050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.039521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.039716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.036163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.014477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.026454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.022329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.017093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.039077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.014704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.017423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.025239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.040743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.025407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.043996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.026025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.039443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.043983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.045042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.050060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.025419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.042913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.040475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.031279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.044516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.025713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.030440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   55631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            17279                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 17279                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   202                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    55833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3525                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4770                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2602                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4826                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2586                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3524                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2643                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4850                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2608                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   55833                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 30043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  30047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1908                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1040                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1762                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2933                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1049                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1866                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1728                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1263                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2900                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1061                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 30047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5246875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    161028845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4285659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    286521686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5655764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    157751893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4959968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    452871732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5344121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158047405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5107231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    265406054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5328088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    446083128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4807716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    444892613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5144340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    407142062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5494041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    158837948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4146868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    279456797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5251901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    259215099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6061893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    188825386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4947252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    442074078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5849161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    160870962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6188401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    195443415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4548288382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       271937                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       304636                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        576573                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5246875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    161028845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4285659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    286521686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5655764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    157751893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4959968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    452871732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5344121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158047405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5107231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    265677991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5328088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    446083128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4807716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    444892613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5144340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    407142062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5494041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    158837948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4146868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    279456797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5251901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    259519735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6061893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    188825386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4947252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    442074078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5849161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    160870962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6188401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    195443415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4548864955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5246875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    161028845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4285659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    286521686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5655764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    157751893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4959968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    452871732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5344121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158047405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5107231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    265677991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5328088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    446083128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4807716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    444892613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5144340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    407142062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5494041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    158837948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4146868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    279456797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5251901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    259519735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6061893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    188825386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4947252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    442074078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5849161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    160870962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6188401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    195443415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4548864955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               85674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17279                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             17279                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                85880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               85880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.290171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.286820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.383700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.286817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.337423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.379026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.378403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.289939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.329704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.324846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.374483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.350666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.019417                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.288816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.383402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.285557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.336709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.378733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.378110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.388208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.288583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.329018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.323349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.374194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.292287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.349872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.288816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.383402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.285557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.336709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.378733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.378110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.388208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.288583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.329018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.323349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.374194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.292287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.349872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154319.852941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 153214.885823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147781.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150168.598532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157104.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151976.775530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150302.060606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152687.704653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152689.171429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151968.658654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154764.575758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150798.894318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156708.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151625.808294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 145688.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151685.173202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 146981.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151185.318232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152612.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151418.444233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153587.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 149762.484995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154467.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150182.560255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151547.325000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149505.452098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149916.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152439.337241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149978.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151622.018850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150936.609756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150921.555985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151392.616649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 135968.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       152318                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 144143.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154319.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 153214.885823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147781.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150168.598532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157104.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151976.775530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150302.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152687.704653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152689.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151968.658654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154764.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150782.060726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156708.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151625.808294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 145688.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151685.173202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 146981.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151185.318232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152612.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151418.444233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153587.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 149762.484995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154467.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150185.031829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151547.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149505.452098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149916.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152439.337241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149978.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151622.018850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150936.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150921.555985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151391.651579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154319.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 153214.885823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147781.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150168.598532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157104.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151976.775530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150302.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152687.704653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152689.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151968.658654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154764.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150782.060726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156708.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151625.808294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 145688.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151685.173202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 146981.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151185.318232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152612.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151418.444233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153587.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 149762.484995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154467.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150185.031829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151547.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149505.452098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149916.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152439.337241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149978.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151622.018850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150936.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150921.555985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151391.651579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9074                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9074                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            30043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             30047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            30047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3273056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99824260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2598347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    175381021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3563734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     97334928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3037800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    280219723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3309271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     97496100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3185302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    162894177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3348970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    274827518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2889532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    274206840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3106209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    250389963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3400487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     97754423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2575410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    170728418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3275892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    158688332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3736503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    115264224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3028330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    273249078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3578844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     99080159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3802797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    120034379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2799084027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       154928                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       187732                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       342660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3273056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99824260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2598347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    175381021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3563734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     97334928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3037800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    280219723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3309271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     97496100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3185302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    163049105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3348970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    274827518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2889532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    274206840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3106209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    250389963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3400487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     97754423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2575410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    170728418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3275892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    158876064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3736503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    115264224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3028330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    273249078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3578844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     99080159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3802797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    120034379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2799426687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3273056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99824260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2598347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    175381021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3563734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     97334928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3037800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    280219723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3309271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     97496100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3185302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    163049105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3348970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    274827518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2889532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    274206840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3106209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    250389963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3400487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     97754423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2575410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    170728418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3275892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    158876064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3736503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    115264224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3028330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    273249078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3578844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     99080159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3802797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    120034379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2799426687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.290171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.286820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.383700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.286817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.337423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.379026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.378403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.289939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.329704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.324846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.374483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.350666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.288816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.383402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.285557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.336709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.378733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.378110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.388208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.288583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.329018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.323349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.374194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.292287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.349872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.288816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.383402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.285557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.336709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.378733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.378110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.388208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.288583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.329018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.323349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.374194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.292287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.349872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96266.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94980.266413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 89598.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91918.774109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98992.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93771.606936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92054.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94477.317262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94550.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93746.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96524.303030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92553.509659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98499.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93415.199864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 87561.575758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93490.228435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 88748.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92978.077609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94457.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93188.201144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95385.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91494.329046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96349.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91939.937428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93412.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91262.251781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91767.575758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94223.820000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91765.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93383.750236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92751.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92690.640154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93169.258296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        77464                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        93866                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        85665                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96266.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94980.266413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 89598.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91918.774109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98992.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93771.606936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92054.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94477.317262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94550.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93746.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96524.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92536.381952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98499.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93415.199864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 87561.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93490.228435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 88748.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92978.077609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94457.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93188.201144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95385.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91494.329046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96349.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91942.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93412.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91262.251781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91767.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94223.820000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91765.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93383.750236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92751.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92690.640154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93168.259294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96266.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94980.266413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 89598.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91918.774109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98992.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93771.606936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92054.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94477.317262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94550.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93746.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96524.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92536.381952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98499.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93415.199864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 87561.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93490.228435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 88748.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92978.077609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94457.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93188.201144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95385.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91494.329046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96349.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91942.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93412.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91262.251781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91767.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94223.820000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91765.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93383.750236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92751.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92690.640154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93168.259294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              488.792721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001203619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2039111.240326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    33.792721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.054155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1195519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1195519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8963376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8963376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8963376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8963376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8963376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8963376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1195566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1195566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1195566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 190710.127660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190710.127660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 190710.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190710.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 190710.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190710.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7241779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7241779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7241779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7241779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7241779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7241779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 201160.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201160.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 201160.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201160.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 201160.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201160.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38107.579461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.310455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.689545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       952434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    965670943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    965670943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7104639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7104639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    972775582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    972775582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    972775582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    972775582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       961673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104521.154129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104521.154129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 87711.592593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87711.592593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104375.062446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104375.062446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104375.062446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104375.062446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        12821                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        12821                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          783                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             783                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5681                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5681                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    347044297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    347044297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1446960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1446960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    348491257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    348491257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    348491257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    348491257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95815.653506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95815.653506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85115.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85115.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95765.665567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95765.665567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95765.665567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95765.665567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              551.764207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              917913528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1647959.655296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    25.585972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.178236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.041003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1186083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1186083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1186083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1186083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1186083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5408444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5408444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5408444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5408444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5408444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5408444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1186118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1186118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1186118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154526.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154526.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154526.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154526.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154526.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154526.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4700779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4700779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4700779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4700779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4700779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4700779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156692.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156692.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156692.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156692.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156692.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156692.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5433                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              204769895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35994.005098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   190.175812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    65.824188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.742874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.257126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1766651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1766651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       323374                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323374                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          764                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          764                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2090025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2090025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2090025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2090025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2027210343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2027210343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2413743                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2413743                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2029624086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2029624086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2029624086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2029624086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1785479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1785479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       323404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2108883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2108883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2108883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2108883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107669.977852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107669.977852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 80458.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80458.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107626.688196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107626.688196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107626.688196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107626.688196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    544317684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544317684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    544702284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    544702284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    544702284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    544702284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100298.080708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100298.080708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100258.104914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100258.104914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100258.104914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100258.104914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              489.049756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1001203810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2030839.371197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    34.049756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.054567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1195710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1195710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1195710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1195710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1195710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9777262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9777262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9777262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9777262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9777262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9777262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1195760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1195760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1195760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 195545.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 195545.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 195545.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 195545.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 195545.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 195545.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7896260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7896260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7896260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7896260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7896260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7896260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 207796.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207796.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 207796.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207796.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 207796.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207796.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3636                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              148428801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 3892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             38136.896454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   220.315923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    35.684077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.860609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.139391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       951877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        951877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       706998                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706998                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1810                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1810                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1658875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1658875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1658875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1658875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         9297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         9297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    961243563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    961243563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7363316                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7363316                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    968606879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    968606879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    968606879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    968606879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       961088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       707084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1668172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1668172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104358.219846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104358.219846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85619.953488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85619.953488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104184.885339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104184.885339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104184.885339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104184.885339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5661                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5661                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    344749920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    344749920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1400496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1400496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    346150416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    346150416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    346150416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    346150416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95261.099751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95261.099751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82382.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82382.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95200.884488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95200.884488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95200.884488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95200.884488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              567.631907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1028873974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1783143.802426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.909091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.722816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.041521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1158653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1158653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1158653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1158653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1158653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7226435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7226435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7226435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7226435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7226435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7226435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1158699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1158699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1158699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157096.413043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157096.413043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157096.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157096.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157096.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157096.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5591404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5591404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5591404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5591404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5591404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5591404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164453.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164453.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164453.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164453.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164453.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164453.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 7736                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              405418951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 7992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             50728.096972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.065098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.934902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.433848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.566152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3026395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3026395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1655752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1655752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          808                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          808                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4682147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        4682147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4682147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       4682147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        27253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        27253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3137346843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3137346843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1389647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1389647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3138736490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3138736490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3138736490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3138736490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3053629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3053629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1655771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1655771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          808                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4709400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4709400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4709400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4709400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 115199.634391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115199.634391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 73139.315789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73139.315789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 115170.311158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115170.311158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 115170.311158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115170.311158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19517                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19517                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    820188407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    820188407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       387229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       387229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    820575636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    820575636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    820575636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    820575636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106104.580466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106104.580466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64538.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64538.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106072.341779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106072.341779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106072.341779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106072.341779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              488.455325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1001204046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2034967.573171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    33.455325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.053614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1195946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1195946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1195946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1195946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1195946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9888507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9888507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9888507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9888507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9888507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9888507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1195996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1195996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1195996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 197770.140000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 197770.140000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 197770.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 197770.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 197770.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 197770.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7712895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7712895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7712895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7712895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7712895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7712895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 208456.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208456.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 208456.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208456.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 208456.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208456.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 3642                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              148428836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 3898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             38078.203181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   220.303594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    35.696406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.860561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.139439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       952312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       706577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1658889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1658889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1658889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1658889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         9316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         9316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    955925219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    955925219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7111773                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7111773                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    963036992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    963036992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    963036992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    963036992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       961529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       706676                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706676                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1668205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1668205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103713.271021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103713.271021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 71836.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71836.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103374.516101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103374.516101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103374.516101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103374.516101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    344689410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    344689410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1229054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1229054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    345918464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    345918464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    345918464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    345918464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95060.510204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95060.510204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 76815.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76815.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94980.358045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94980.358045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94980.358045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94980.358045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              511.355315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              999391230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1936804.709302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    29.355315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.047044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1171485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1171485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1171485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1171485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1171485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1171485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6737467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6737467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6737467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6737467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6737467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6737467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1171526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1171526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1171526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1171526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1171526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1171526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164328.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164328.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164328.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164328.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164328.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164328.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5802059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5802059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5802059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5802059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5802059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5802059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170648.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170648.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170648.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170648.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170648.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170648.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5233                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              158031319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             28790.548187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   223.604738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    32.395262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.873456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.126544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       824770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        824770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       696935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1634                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1634                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1521705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1521705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1521705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1521705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        18432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        18432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2224878700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2224878700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     47116500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47116500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2271995200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2271995200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2271995200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2271995200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       842781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       842781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       697356                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697356                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1634                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1634                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1540137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1540137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1540137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1540137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000604                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000604                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123528.882350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123528.882350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 111915.676960                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111915.676960                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123263.628472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123263.628472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123263.628472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123263.628472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    516659235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    516659235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1281227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1281227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    517940462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    517940462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    517940462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    517940462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99052.767446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99052.767446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 75366.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75366.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98975.819224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98975.819224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98975.819224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98975.819224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              567.782087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1028873595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1780058.122837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.421638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   542.360449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.040740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.869167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1158274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1158274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1158274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1158274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1158274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7558325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7558325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7558325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7558325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7558325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7558325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1158317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1158317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1158317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       175775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       175775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       175775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       175775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       175775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       175775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6294535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6294535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6294535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6294535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6294535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6294535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179843.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179843.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179843.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179843.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179843.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179843.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7766                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              405424476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 8022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             50539.077038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.082439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.917561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.433916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.566084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3029589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3029589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1658077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1658077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4687666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        4687666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4687666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       4687666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        27447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27447                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        27447                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3142250446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3142250446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1587587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1587587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3143838033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3143838033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3143838033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3143838033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3057016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3057016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1658097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1658097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4715113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4715113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4715113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4715113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114567.777956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114567.777956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 79379.350000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79379.350000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114542.136955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114542.136955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114542.136955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114542.136955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1468                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1468                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    817971935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    817971935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       414309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       414309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    818386244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    818386244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    818386244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    818386244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105381.594306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105381.594306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69051.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69051.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105353.532956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105353.532956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105353.532956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105353.532956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              567.537898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1028873793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1783143.488735                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.177304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   542.360594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.040348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.869168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1158472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1158472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1158472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1158472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1158472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6748712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6748712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6748712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6748712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6748712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6748712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1158515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1158515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1158515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156946.790698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156946.790698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156946.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156946.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156946.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156946.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5446901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5446901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5446901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5446901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5446901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5446901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160202.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160202.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160202.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160202.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160202.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160202.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 7757                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              405424841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 8013                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             50595.886809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.078969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.921031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.433902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.566098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3029829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3029829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1658203                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1658203                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4688032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4688032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4688032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4688032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        27454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        27454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3145802543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3145802543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1559303                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1559303                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3147361846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3147361846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3147361846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3147361846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3057265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3057265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1658221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1658221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4715486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4715486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4715486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4715486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114659.664055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114659.664055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86627.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86627.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114641.285277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114641.285277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114641.285277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114641.285277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19697                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19697                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    817629669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    817629669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       440199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       440199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    818069868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    818069868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    818069868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    818069868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105486.991227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105486.991227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 73366.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73366.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105462.146191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105462.146191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105462.146191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105462.146191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              518.029082                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1003851818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1908463.532319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.029082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.044918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1184137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1184137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1184137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1184137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1184137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1184137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7002741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7002741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7002741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7002741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7002741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7002741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1184183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1184183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1184183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1184183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1184183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1184183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152233.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152233.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152233.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152233.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152233.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152233.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5638364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5638364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5638364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5638364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5638364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5638364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156621.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156621.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156621.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156621.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156621.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156621.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 6936                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              166886401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             23204.449527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   227.436356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    28.563644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.888423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.111577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       820130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        820130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       677410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       677410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1874                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1874                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1497540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1497540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1497540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1497540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        17965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        17965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2081684179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2081684179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7266405                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7266405                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2088950584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2088950584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2088950584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2088950584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       838007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       838007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       677498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1874                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1874                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1515505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1515505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116444.827376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116444.827376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 82572.784091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82572.784091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116278.908099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116278.908099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116278.908099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116278.908099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          885                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             885                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11028                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11028                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    719845632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    719845632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       991953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       991953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    720837585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    720837585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    720837585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    720837585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103993.879226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103993.879226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66130.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66130.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103912.005910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103912.005910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103912.005910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103912.005910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              489.052373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001203806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2030839.363083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.052373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.054571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1195706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1195706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1195706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1195706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1195706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9646259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9646259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9646259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9646259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9646259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9646259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1195756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1195756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1195756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 192925.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192925.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 192925.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192925.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 192925.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192925.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7704337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7704337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7704337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7704337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7704337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7704337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 202745.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202745.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 202745.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202745.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 202745.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202745.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3635                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              148429629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 3891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             38146.910563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   220.301740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    35.698260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.860554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.139446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       952772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       706905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1659677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1659677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         9332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         9332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    963937380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    963937380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7832260                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7832260                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    971769640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    971769640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    971769640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    971769640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       962011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       962011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       706998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1669009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1669009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1669009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1669009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104333.518779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104333.518779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 84217.849462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84217.849462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104133.051865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104133.051865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104133.051865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104133.051865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11015                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        11015                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5697                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5697                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    344548282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    344548282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1411870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1411870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    345960152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    345960152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    345960152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    345960152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 95231.697623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95231.697623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 83051.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83051.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 95174.732325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95174.732325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 95174.732325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95174.732325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              550.471899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              917914097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1653899.273874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.293888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.178011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.038933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1186652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1186652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1186652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1186652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1186652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5621049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5621049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5621049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5621049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5621049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5621049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1186687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1186687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1186687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160601.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160601.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160601.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160601.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160601.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160601.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4711072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4711072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4711072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4711072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4711072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4711072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168252.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168252.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168252.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168252.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168252.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168252.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              204770349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35899.430049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   191.448188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    64.551812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.747844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.252156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1766639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1766639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       323844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2090483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2090483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2090483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2090483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        18913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        18913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2008882005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2008882005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2642678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2642678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2011524683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2011524683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2011524683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2011524683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1785522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1785522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       323874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2109396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2109396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2109396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2109396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106385.744055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106385.744055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 88089.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88089.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106356.721990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106356.721990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106356.721990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106356.721990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    539976802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    539976802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       396587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       396587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    540373389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    540373389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    540373389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    540373389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99223.962146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99223.962146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66097.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66097.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99187.479626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99187.479626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99187.479626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99187.479626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              511.678206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              999391499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1933058.992263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.678206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.047561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1171754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1171754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1171754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1171754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1171754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1171754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6872083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6872083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6872083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6872083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6872083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6872083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1171796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1171796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1171796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1171796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1171796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1171796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163621.023810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163621.023810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163621.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163621.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163621.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163621.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5960612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5960612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5960612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5960612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5960612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5960612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170303.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170303.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170303.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170303.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170303.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170303.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              158031334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             28691.237110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   223.615289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    32.384711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.873497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.126503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       824371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        824371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       697296                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       697296                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1521667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1521667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1521667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1521667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18538                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18538                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2220792131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2220792131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     47619734                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47619734                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2268411865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2268411865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2268411865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2268411865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       842491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       842491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       697714                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697714                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1540205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1540205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1540205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1540205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000599                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000599                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122560.272130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122560.272130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113922.808612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113922.808612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122365.512191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122365.512191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122365.512191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122365.512191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1847                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1847                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    513303859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    513303859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1376370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1376370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    514680229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    514680229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    514680229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    514680229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98052.313085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98052.313085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 80962.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80962.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97996.997144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97996.997144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97996.997144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97996.997144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              510.429097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              998101092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1930563.040619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    35.429097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.056777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1188621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1188621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1188621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1188621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1188621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1188621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8458045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8458045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8458045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8458045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8458045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8458045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1188673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1188673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1188673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1188673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1188673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1188673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162654.711538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162654.711538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162654.711538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162654.711538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162654.711538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162654.711538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6911704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6911704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6911704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6911704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6911704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6911704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164564.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164564.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164564.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164564.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164564.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164564.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3906                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              152133009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             36552.861365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   223.104144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    32.895856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.871501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.128499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       817025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        817025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       687019                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       687019                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1504044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1504044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1504044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1504044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        12605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        12605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1455193990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1455193990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9066118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9066118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1464260108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1464260108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1464260108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1464260108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       829522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       829522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       687127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       687127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1516649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1516649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1516649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1516649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 116443.465632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116443.465632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83945.537037                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83945.537037                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 116165.022451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116165.022451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 116165.022451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116165.022451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    378193056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    378193056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1205195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1205195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    379398251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    379398251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    379398251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    379398251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97271.876543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97271.876543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66955.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66955.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97132.168715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97132.168715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97132.168715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97132.168715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              567.543877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1028874002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1783143.850953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    25.183551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   542.360326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.040358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.869167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1158681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1158681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1158681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1158681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1158681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7043851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7043851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7043851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7043851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7043851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7043851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1158724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1158724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1158724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163810.488372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163810.488372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163810.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163810.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163810.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163810.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5741202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5741202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5741202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5741202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5741202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5741202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168858.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168858.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168858.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168858.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168858.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168858.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 7750                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              405425293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 8006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             50640.181489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.079859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.920141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.433906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.566094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3030307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3030307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1658174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1658174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4688481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        4688481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4688481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       4688481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        27460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        27460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3135998425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3135998425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1465061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1465061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3137463486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3137463486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3137463486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3137463486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3057748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3057748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1658193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1658193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4715941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4715941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4715941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4715941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114281.492110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114281.492110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 77108.473684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77108.473684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114255.771522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114255.771522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114255.771522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114255.771522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19710                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19710                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    813191176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    813191176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       401698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       401698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    813592874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    813592874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    813592874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    813592874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105009.191116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105009.191116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 66949.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66949.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104979.725677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104979.725677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104979.725677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104979.725677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              491.403179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001203666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2018555.778226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    36.403179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.058338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1195566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1195566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1195566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1195566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1195566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9714042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9714042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9714042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9714042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9714042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9714042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1195618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1195618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1195618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186808.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 186808.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186808.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 186808.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186808.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 186808.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7742281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7742281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7742281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7742281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7742281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7742281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 188836.121951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188836.121951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 188836.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188836.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 188836.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188836.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 3630                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              148428697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 3886                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             38195.753217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   220.329573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    35.670427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.860662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.139338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       952109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       706628                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706628                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1658737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1658737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1658737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1658737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         9353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9353                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         9353                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    966132168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    966132168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9532065                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9532065                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    975664233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    975664233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    975664233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    975664233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       961362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       706728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1722                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1668090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1668090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104412.857235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104412.857235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95320.650000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95320.650000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104315.645568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104315.645568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104315.645568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104315.645568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        16874                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        16874                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5723                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5723                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    345390752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    345390752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1553540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1553540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    346944292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    346944292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    346944292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    346944292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95623.131783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95623.131783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86307.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86307.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95576.939945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95576.939945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95576.939945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95576.939945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              509.849153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              998100595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1926835.125483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    34.849153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.055848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1188124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1188124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1188124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1188124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1188124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1188124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8510424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8510424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8510424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8510424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8510424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8510424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1188175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1188175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1188175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1188175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1188175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1188175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166871.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166871.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166871.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166871.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166871.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166871.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7071672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7071672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7071672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7071672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7071672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7071672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164457.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164457.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164457.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164457.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164457.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164457.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3903                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              152133188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             36579.270979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   223.110199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    32.889801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.871524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.128476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       817436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        817436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       686845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1504281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1504281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1504281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1504281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        12603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        12603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1471352905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1471352905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8232535                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8232535                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1479585440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1479585440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1479585440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1479585440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       829936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       829936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       686948                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686948                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1516884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1516884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1516884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1516884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117708.232400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117708.232400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 79927.524272                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79927.524272                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117399.463620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117399.463620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117399.463620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117399.463620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    382276642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    382276642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1174913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1174913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    383451555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    383451555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    383451555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    383451555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98398.106049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98398.106049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 65272.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65272.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98245.338201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98245.338201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98245.338201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98245.338201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
