
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001104                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1104291894                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398688015039                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 378838                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   512652                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37065                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67632068                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29793.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11286738900                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15273491051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        78080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        23680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        78592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        29312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        23168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        29312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        15232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        29824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        52096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        52992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        29696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        30080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               610560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           41088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       212352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            212352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          614                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1506848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     70705943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1622759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21443606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1506848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     71169589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3013696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     26543707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1622759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20979960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3013696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     26543707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2434139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13793455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3013696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     27007352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1622759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     20748137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1622759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     47175933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3013696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     27355086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1738671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     47987312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3013696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     26080061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3013696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     26891441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3013696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     27239175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2434139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14025277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               552897294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1506848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1622759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1506848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3013696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1622759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3013696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2434139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3013696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1622759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1622759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3013696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1738671                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3013696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3013696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3013696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2434139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           37207554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         192296983                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              192296983                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         192296983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1506848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     70705943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1622759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21443606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1506848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     71169589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3013696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     26543707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1622759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20979960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3013696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     26543707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2434139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13793455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3013696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     27007352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1622759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     20748137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1622759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     47175933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3013696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     27355086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1738671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     47987312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3013696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     26080061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3013696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     26891441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3013696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     27239175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2434139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14025277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              745194277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2648183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206345                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168369                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21714                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84127                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78828                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20568                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          932                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2000403                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1220209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206345                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        99396                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              250554                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         67852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        66403                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124807                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21772                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2362715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2112161     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13235      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21117      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31773      1.34%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13109      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15378      0.65%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16271      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11538      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         128133      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2362715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077919                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460772                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1975024                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        92452                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248791                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1420                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        45027                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33425                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1479773                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        45027                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1980080                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         41171                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        35530                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          245265                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        15630                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1476854                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          889                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         7909                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1135                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2020433                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6883424                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6883424                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         351435                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          323                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           45342                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       149534                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4157                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15916                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1471943                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1375400                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2223                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224501                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       514733                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2362715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1777557     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237011     10.03%     85.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130889      5.54%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86390      3.66%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78659      3.33%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24423      1.03%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17786      0.75%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6026      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3974      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2362715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           382     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1406     41.55%     52.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1596     47.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132301     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25266      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136436      9.92%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81244      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1375400                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.519375                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3384                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002460                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5119121                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1696838                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1349987                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378784                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6390                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31431                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           73                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5499                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1112                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        45027                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         29940                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1674                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1472265                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       149534                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          902                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           40                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           73                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11943                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13265                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25208                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128966                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20152                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             210060                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183702                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            81094                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.511765                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350093                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1349987                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798821                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2026769                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.509779                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.394135                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       254125                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22117                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2317688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1823893     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235098     10.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97477      4.21%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50058      2.16%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37225      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21388      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13027      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11074      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28448      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2317688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28448                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3762695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2991961                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35409                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                285468                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.648178                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.648178                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.377618                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.377618                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6150906                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1844726                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1401863                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2648176                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         215820                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176732                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22647                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88045                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82327                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21642                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          995                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2060976                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1231275                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            215820                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       103969                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              269500                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         65196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        64401                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          128323                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22415                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2437055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.973853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2167555     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          28825      1.18%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          33459      1.37%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          18190      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          20621      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          11921      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           8090      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          21058      0.86%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         127336      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2437055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081498                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.464952                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2043771                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        82226                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          267023                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2215                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        41816                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        35088                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1502272                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1997                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        41816                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2047519                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         15360                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        57185                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          265532                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         9639                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1500215                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2086615                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6982880                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6982880                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1752866                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         333749                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          392                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          221                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           28100                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       143197                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        77335                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1807                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        16384                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1496191                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          391                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1404841                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1855                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203442                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       475378                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           51                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2437055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1846074     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237156      9.73%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127863      5.25%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88343      3.62%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77419      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39448      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9919      0.41%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6164      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4669      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2437055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           364     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1427     44.94%     56.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1384     43.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1176927     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21927      1.56%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129096      9.19%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76720      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1404841                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530494                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3175                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002260                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5251767                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1700058                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1380309                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1408016                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3521                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27197                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2302                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        41816                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         11036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1163                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1496588                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            6                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143197                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77335                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          221                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          772                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12399                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13246                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        25645                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1383167                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121366                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21674                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             198034                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         193041                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            76668                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522309                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1380404                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1380309                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          820714                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2151579                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521230                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381447                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1028945                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1262515                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234094                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        22634                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1879575     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       239140      9.98%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100464      4.19%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59899      2.50%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41416      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27040      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14320      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11114      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22271      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1028945                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1262515                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               191033                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              116000                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           180688                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1138257                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        25713                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        22271                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3869577                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3035037                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 33246                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                211121                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1028945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1262515                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1028945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.573681                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.573681                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.388549                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.388549                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6237270                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1917736                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1400477                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2648183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         206580                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168506                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21651                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83855                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78780                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20624                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          941                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2000208                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1220972                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            206580                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        99404                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              250458                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         67681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        68042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          124707                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21699                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2363949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2113491     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          13135      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          20958      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          31763      1.34%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          13055      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          15524      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          16494      0.70%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          11408      0.48%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         128121      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2363949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.078008                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461060                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1974807                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        94097                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          248722                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1410                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        44912                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        33493                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          331                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1480163                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        44912                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1979838                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         41126                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        37464                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          245241                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        15356                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1477417                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         7951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          986                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2021340                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6885636                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6885636                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1671494                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         349846                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          329                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          176                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           45108                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       149276                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        82820                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4090                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        16072                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1472579                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1376298                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2103                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222963                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       511206                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2363949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1778366     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237147     10.03%     85.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131167      5.55%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86264      3.65%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78857      3.34%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24338      1.03%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17690      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6193      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3927      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2363949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           386     11.49%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1382     41.13%     52.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1592     47.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1133264     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25321      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136333      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81227      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1376298                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.519714                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3360                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002441                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5122008                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1695939                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1351383                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1379658                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6587                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30997                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5417                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1104                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        44912                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         29322                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1619                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1472907                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           82                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       149276                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82820                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          176                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          859                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           52                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11839                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13336                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        25175                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1356508                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129194                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19790                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             210264                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         184070                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            81070                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.512241                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1351493                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1351383                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          799389                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2027008                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.510306                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.394369                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001449                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1221131                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       253017                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        22062                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2319037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1824523     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235161     10.14%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97801      4.22%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50180      2.16%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37514      1.62%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21318      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13042      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11054      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28444      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2319037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1001449                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1221131                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               195682                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              118279                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           169612                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1103969                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        23805                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        28444                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3764741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2993217                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 35431                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                284234                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1001449                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1221131                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1001449                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.644351                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.644351                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.378165                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.378165                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6157099                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1846747                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1402920                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2648183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         203616                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179733                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18350                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130563                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124279                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12913                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          604                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2102695                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1155277                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            203616                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       137192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              255337                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         59955                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        33802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          129190                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17811                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2433320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2177983     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          36953      1.52%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          20572      0.85%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          36242      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          12574      0.52%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          33404      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           5704      0.23%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           9924      0.41%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8          99964      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2433320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.076889                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.436253                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2084687                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        52619                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          254583                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          358                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        41070                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        20626                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          418                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1302604                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1711                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        41070                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2087119                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         29933                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        15728                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          252280                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         7187                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1299630                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1714809                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      5907003                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      5907003                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1353399                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         361390                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           18852                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       225318                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        40117                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          317                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         8902                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1290201                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          188                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1194915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1248                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       256285                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       546350                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2433320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1913372     78.63%     78.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167886      6.90%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166477      6.84%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98632      4.05%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        54904      2.26%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14820      0.61%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16469      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          431      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          329      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2433320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2295     58.37%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          916     23.30%     81.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          721     18.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       942483     78.87%     78.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9856      0.82%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       202973     16.99%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39515      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1194915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.451221                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3932                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003291                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4828330                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1546696                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1161275                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1198847                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1134                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50875                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1615                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        41070                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         22531                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          897                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1290394                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225318                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40117                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          470                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10994                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8481                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        19475                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177022                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199333                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17893                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             238819                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         177269                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            39486                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.444464                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1161893                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1161275                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          700513                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1568888                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.438518                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.446503                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       908793                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1031054                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       259389                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        18037                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2392250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.293879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2004096     83.77%     83.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155301      6.49%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96397      4.03%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31347      1.31%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50127      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10582      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6804      0.28%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6092      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31504      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2392250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       908793                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1031054                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               212940                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              174438                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           157421                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          903561                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        31504                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3651176                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2622001                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 48491                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                214863                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            908793                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1031054                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       908793                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.913956                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.913956                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.343176                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.343176                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5453470                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1523540                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1363656                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2648183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         215334                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176379                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22798                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87490                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82266                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21648                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2060781                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1230224                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            215334                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       103914                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              269420                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         65594                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        61641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          128486                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22550                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2434278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2164858     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          28857      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          33448      1.37%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          18254      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          20688      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          11822      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           8097      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          21022      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         127232      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2434278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081314                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.464554                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2043437                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        79600                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          266929                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2234                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        42074                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        34969                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1501255                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        42074                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2047194                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         15769                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        54127                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          265452                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         9658                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1499364                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2085514                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6980262                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6980262                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1749723                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         335791                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          211                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           27946                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       143378                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        77305                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1800                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        16377                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1495489                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          381                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1403647                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1881                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204908                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       479322                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2434278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1844095     75.76%     75.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236928      9.73%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127406      5.23%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88148      3.62%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77324      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39593      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9926      0.41%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6218      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4640      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2434278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           360     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1424     45.15%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1370     43.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1175790     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21922      1.56%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129213      9.21%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76551      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1403647                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.530042                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3154                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002247                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5246607                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1700813                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1378781                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1406801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3559                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27568                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        42074                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         11311                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1175                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1495875                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143378                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77305                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          211                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          769                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12534                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13277                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        25811                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1381616                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121246                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22031                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             197757                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         192517                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            76511                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.521722                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1378875                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1378781                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          820224                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2151213                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.520652                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381284                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1027147                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1260313                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235580                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22772                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2392204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1877576     78.49%     78.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238783      9.98%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100112      4.18%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59646      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41411      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27000      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14275      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11134      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22267      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2392204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1027147                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1260313                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               190736                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              115810                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           180357                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1136296                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25672                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        22267                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3865830                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3033862                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 33458                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                213905                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1027147                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1260313                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1027147                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.578193                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.578193                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.387869                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.387869                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6231069                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1915866                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1399223                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2648183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         203507                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179572                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18360                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130230                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124126                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12876                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          590                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2101729                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1154591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            203507                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       137002                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              255126                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         59940                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        34353                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          129140                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17830                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2432672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2177546     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          36875      1.52%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20627      0.85%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          36222      1.49%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          12594      0.52%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          33264      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           5593      0.23%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          10029      0.41%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          99922      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2432672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.076848                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.435994                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2083592                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        53307                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          254385                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          338                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        41047                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        20667                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          419                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1301683                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1707                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        41047                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2086023                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         29541                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        16787                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          252098                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         7173                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1298756                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5243                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1713738                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5902810                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5902810                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1352584                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         361128                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          189                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           18736                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       225199                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        40107                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          331                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         8903                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1289474                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          192                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1194452                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1197                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       255960                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       544766                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2432672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1912870     78.63%     78.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167857      6.90%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166462      6.84%     92.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98494      4.05%     96.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55055      2.26%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14734      0.61%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16433      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          435      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          332      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2432672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2256     58.17%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          902     23.26%     81.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          720     18.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       942228     78.88%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9856      0.83%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       202781     16.98%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39499      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1194452                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.451046                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3878                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003247                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4826651                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545647                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1160951                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1198330                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1111                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50962                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1604                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        41047                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         22162                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          924                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1289671                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225199                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40107                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          101                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          487                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10929                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8464                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        19393                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1176673                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199184                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17779                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             238659                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         177395                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            39475                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.444332                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1161566                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1160951                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          700215                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1567443                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.438395                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.446724                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       908104                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1030365                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       259351                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        18044                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2391625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.293617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2003706     83.78%     83.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155179      6.49%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96405      4.03%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31361      1.31%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50021      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10557      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6831      0.29%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6082      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31483      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2391625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       908104                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1030365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               212733                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              174230                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           157309                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          902984                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        31483                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3649845                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2620535                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 48451                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                215511                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            908104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1030365                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       908104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.916167                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.916167                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.342916                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.342916                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5451361                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1523380                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1362836                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2648183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         240649                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200329                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23293                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92260                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85675                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25541                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1070                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2084306                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1319765                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            240649                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       111216                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              274126                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         65585                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        61226                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          130767                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22219                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2461728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2187602     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          16591      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20893      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          33407      1.36%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          13706      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          18152      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          21193      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9888      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         140296      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2461728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090873                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.498366                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2072201                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        74731                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          272795                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          143                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        41854                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        36498                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1612175                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        41854                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2074751                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          5544                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        62970                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          270365                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         6240                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1601446                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2237683                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7442862                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7442862                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1844540                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         393137                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           23103                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       151081                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        77640                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          931                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        17430                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1561766                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          384                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1489807                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1832                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205998                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430535                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2461728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1831900     74.42%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       286129     11.62%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117924      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65740      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89338      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27780      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27244      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14490      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1183      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2461728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10397     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1422     10.81%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1335     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1254925     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20244      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137156      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77300      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1489807                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.562577                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13154                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008829                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5456328                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1768168                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1448775                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1502961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1076                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31199                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1533                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        41854                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          4168                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          512                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1562150                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151081                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77640                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          429                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12994                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13519                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        26513                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1462366                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134353                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             211627                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         206340                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            77274                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.552215                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1448818                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1448775                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          868007                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2331344                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.547083                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372320                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1073075                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1322200                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239961                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        23285                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2419874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1859629     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284390     11.75%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102894      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51396      2.12%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46783      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19812      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19449      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9220      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26301      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2419874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1073075                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1322200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               195989                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              119882                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           191699                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1190320                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        27285                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        26301                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3955721                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3166181                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 32845                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                186455                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1073075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1322200                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1073075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.467845                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.467845                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.405212                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.405212                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6577435                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2026394                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1489780                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2648183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         203673                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179773                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18410                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130245                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124269                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12898                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          587                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2101857                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1155116                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            203673                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       137167                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              255392                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         59989                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        35235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          129200                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17863                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2433948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.797664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2178556     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          36830      1.51%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20668      0.85%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          36306      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          12705      0.52%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          33400      1.37%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           5680      0.23%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9899      0.41%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8          99904      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2433948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.076910                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.436192                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2084190                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        53716                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          254675                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          315                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        41049                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        20655                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          417                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1302503                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1699                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        41049                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2086604                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         29987                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        16901                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          252338                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         7066                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1299497                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1715175                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      5906597                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      5906597                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1353338                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         361817                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          190                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          103                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           18463                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       225015                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        40136                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          321                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8930                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1290019                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          193                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1194978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1202                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       256041                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       544727                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2433948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.490963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1913819     78.63%     78.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167995      6.90%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166555      6.84%     92.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98784      4.06%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        54819      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14700      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16521      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          421      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          334      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2433948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2251     58.02%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          906     23.35%     81.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          723     18.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       942657     78.88%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9866      0.83%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       202838     16.97%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39529      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1194978                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.451244                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3880                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003247                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4828984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1546270                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1161357                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1198858                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1073                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50588                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1633                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        41049                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         22653                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          876                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1290217                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225015                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40136                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          102                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          475                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11025                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8491                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        19516                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1176944                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199125                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18032                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             238633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         177356                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            39508                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.444435                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1161965                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1161357                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          700654                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1569504                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.438549                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.446417                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       908740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1031001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       259265                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        18098                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2392899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2004849     83.78%     83.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155307      6.49%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96379      4.03%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31332      1.31%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49976      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10563      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6818      0.28%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6087      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31588      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2392899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       908740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1031001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               212925                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              174422                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           157413                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          903516                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        31588                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3651564                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2621628                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 48493                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                214235                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            908740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1031001                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       908740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.914126                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.914126                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.343156                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.343156                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5453148                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1524018                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1363472                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2648178                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         215421                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176456                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22809                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87523                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82300                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21656                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2061594                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1230676                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            215421                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       103956                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              269525                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         65626                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        62262                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          128539                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22563                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2435838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.973820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2166313     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          28869      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          33463      1.37%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          18262      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          20701      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          11821      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           8101      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          21031      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         127277      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2435838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081347                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.464726                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2044247                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        80221                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          267033                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2237                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        42096                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        34979                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1501824                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        42096                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2048003                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         15658                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        54851                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          265559                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         9667                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1499947                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2086342                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6982975                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6982975                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1750346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         335996                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          211                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           27966                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       143441                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        77318                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1803                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        16380                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1496077                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          381                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1404185                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1877                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205046                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       479579                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2435838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1845434     75.76%     75.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237006      9.73%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127472      5.23%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88164      3.62%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77360      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39611      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9930      0.41%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6220      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4641      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2435838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           360     11.42%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1424     45.16%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     43.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1176251     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21926      1.56%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129263      9.21%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76574      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1404185                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530246                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3153                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002245                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5249238                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1701539                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1379308                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1407338                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3564                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27587                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2369                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        42096                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         11185                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1170                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1496463                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143441                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77318                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          211                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          765                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12538                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13286                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        25824                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1382147                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121293                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22038                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             197827                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         192591                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            76534                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.521924                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1379401                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1379308                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          820540                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2152076                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.520852                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381278                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1027500                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1260752                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235729                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        22784                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2393742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1878933     78.49%     78.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238864      9.98%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100153      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59664      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41427      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27010      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14279      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11138      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22274      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2393742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1027500                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1260752                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               190803                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              115854                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           180428                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1136681                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        25679                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        22274                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3867949                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3035060                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 33476                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                212340                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1027500                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1260752                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1027500                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.577302                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.577302                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.388003                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.388003                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6233454                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1916610                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1399728                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2648183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         205998                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185637                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12701                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85248                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71675                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11229                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          592                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2166194                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1293348                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            205998                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        82904                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              254800                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         40227                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        53300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          126120                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12547                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2501539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2246739     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           8860      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18462      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           7583      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          41673      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          37351      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7076      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          15424      0.62%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         118371      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2501539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077788                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.488391                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2153257                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        66694                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          253677                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          870                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        27038                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        18086                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1515991                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        27038                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2156179                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         46344                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        12589                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          251730                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         7656                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1513879                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2869                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         2962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           47                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1786613                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7124963                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7124963                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1546657                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         239938                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          182                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           96                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           21243                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       353656                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       177537                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1618                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         8687                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1508590                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          182                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1438493                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          940                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       138191                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       338293                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2501539                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1989834     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153537      6.14%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125881      5.03%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54386      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68967      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66176      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37841      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3094      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1823      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2501539                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3591     11.05%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28075     86.38%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          835      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       906553     63.02%     63.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12545      0.87%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342410     23.80%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176899     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1438493                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.543200                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32501                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022594                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5411965                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1647012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1424226                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1470994                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2517                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17347                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1599                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        27038                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         42468                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1934                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1508772                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353656                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177537                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           96                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1314                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6769                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7882                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        14651                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1427007                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       341166                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11485                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             518036                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         186538                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           176870                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.538863                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1424354                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1424226                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          770824                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1524328                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.537813                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.505681                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1147432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1348551                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       160324                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        12739                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2474501                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1984714     80.21%     80.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       179183      7.24%     87.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83939      3.39%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82687      3.34%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22461      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96107      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7463      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5304      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12643      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2474501                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1147432                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1348551                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               512244                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              336309                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           178032                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1199298                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        13095                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        12643                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3970733                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3044806                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 48856                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                146644                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1147432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1348551                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1147432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.307922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.307922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.433290                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.433290                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        7046137                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1660089                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1795688                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2648183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         203639                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179861                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18256                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130837                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124424                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12905                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          610                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2102033                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1155409                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            203639                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       137329                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              255242                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         59630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        33676                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          129087                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17721                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2432210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2176968     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          36834      1.51%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          20595      0.85%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          36282      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          12570      0.52%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          33437      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5741      0.24%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          10009      0.41%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          99774      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2432210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.076898                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.436303                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2084482                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        52030                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          254523                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          328                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        40844                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        20553                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          417                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1302149                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1700                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        40844                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2086864                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         29543                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        15660                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          252240                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         7056                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1299231                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1714836                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5904854                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5904854                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1354233                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         360587                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          188                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           18807                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       225254                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        40089                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          215                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8912                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1289853                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          191                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1195415                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1217                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       255158                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       542119                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2432210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.114274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1912130     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167700      6.89%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166732      6.86%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98878      4.07%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        54664      2.25%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14761      0.61%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16594      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          416      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          335      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2432210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2271     58.37%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          902     23.18%     81.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          718     18.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       942807     78.87%     78.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9860      0.82%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203162     17.00%     96.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39498      3.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1195415                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.451410                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3891                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003255                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4828148                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545221                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1161962                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1199306                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1132                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50601                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1586                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        40844                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         22509                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          880                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1290049                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          181                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225254                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40089                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          470                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10975                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8352                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        19327                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177636                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199509                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17779                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             238980                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         177449                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            39471                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.444696                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1162549                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1161962                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          701064                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1569392                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.438777                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.446711                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       909497                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1031758                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       258343                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        17943                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2391366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.295037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2003090     83.76%     83.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155327      6.50%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96511      4.04%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31323      1.31%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50015      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10598      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6778      0.28%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6070      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31654      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2391366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       909497                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1031758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               213153                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              174650                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           157537                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          904149                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        31654                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3649800                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2621090                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 48402                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                215973                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            909497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1031758                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       909497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.911701                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.911701                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.343442                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.343442                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5456639                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1524901                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1364022                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2648183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         205957                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185516                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12679                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78839                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71489                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11261                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          594                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2164346                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1292064                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            205957                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        82750                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              254659                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         40169                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        54636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          126020                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12534                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2500852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2246193     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           8994      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18489      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           7519      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          41619      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          37476      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7023      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          15212      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         118327      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2500852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077773                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.487906                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2151239                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        68168                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          253592                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          847                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        27003                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        18172                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1514387                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1267                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        27003                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2154095                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         47686                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        12882                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          251733                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         7450                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1512473                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         2907                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           55                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1784069                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7118367                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7118367                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1545257                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         238812                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          180                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           94                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           20588                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       353804                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       177576                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1654                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8510                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1507490                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          180                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1437968                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1069                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       138273                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       336581                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2500852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1989525     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153506      6.14%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125526      5.02%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54227      2.17%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69154      2.77%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66229      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37646      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3220      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1819      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2500852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3583     11.04%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28038     86.36%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          846      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       905864     63.00%     63.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12512      0.87%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342640     23.83%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176866     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1437968                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.543002                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32467                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022578                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5410324                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1645994                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1423287                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1470435                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2464                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17587                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1703                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          129                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        27003                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         43742                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2001                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1507670                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353804                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177576                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           94                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1396                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6633                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7981                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        14614                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1426157                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       341223                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11811                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             518057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         186482                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           176834                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.538542                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1423414                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1423287                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          770546                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1522937                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.537458                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.505961                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1146611                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1347534                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       160360                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        12713                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2473849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1984469     80.22%     80.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       178998      7.24%     87.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83801      3.39%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82784      3.35%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22357      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96099      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7404      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5261      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12676      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2473849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1146611                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1347534                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               512090                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              336217                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           177887                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1198385                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        13075                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        12676                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3969067                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3042802                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 48870                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                147331                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1146611                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1347534                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1146611                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.309574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.309574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.432980                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.432980                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        7042482                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1658548                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1794355                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2648183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         203791                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179952                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18400                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130336                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124384                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12869                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          601                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2104097                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1156055                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            203791                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       137253                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              255511                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         60055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        32691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          129310                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17865                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2433840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2178329     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          36874      1.52%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20633      0.85%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          36347      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          12660      0.52%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          33404      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           5643      0.23%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9927      0.41%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         100023      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2433840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.076955                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.436546                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2086839                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        50775                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          254757                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          341                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        41125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        20582                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          417                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1303375                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1707                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        41125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2089221                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         28326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        15715                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          252493                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6957                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1300334                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5040                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1715961                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5910417                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5910417                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1353580                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         362356                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          187                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          100                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           18448                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       225578                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        40073                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          227                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8896                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1290920                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          190                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1195454                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1206                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       256704                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       547242                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2433840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1913701     78.63%     78.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167734      6.89%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166873      6.86%     92.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98494      4.05%     96.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        54985      2.26%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14829      0.61%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16489      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          407      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          328      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2433840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2270     58.23%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          908     23.29%     81.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          720     18.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       942925     78.88%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9864      0.83%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203081     16.99%     96.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39496      3.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1195454                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.451424                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3898                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003261                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4829852                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1547831                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1161840                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1199352                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1135                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51090                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1570                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        41125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         21431                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          864                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1291115                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225578                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40073                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           99                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          441                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11045                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8463                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        19508                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177588                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199448                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17866                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             238922                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         177398                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            39474                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.444678                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1162455                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1161840                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          700915                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1569633                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.438731                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.446547                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       908948                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1031209                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       259942                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        18085                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2392715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294019                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2004542     83.78%     83.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155264      6.49%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96444      4.03%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31419      1.31%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50081      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10534      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6792      0.28%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6058      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31581      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2392715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       908948                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1031209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               212986                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              174483                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           157446                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          903691                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        31581                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3652272                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2623472                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 48494                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                214343                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            908948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1031209                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       908948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.913459                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.913459                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.343235                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.343235                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5456271                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1524479                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1364525                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2648183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         203469                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179578                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18352                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130576                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124339                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12911                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          591                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2103942                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1154187                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            203469                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       137250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              255244                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         59620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        33005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          129262                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17832                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2433345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.536648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.796489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2178101     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          36943      1.52%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20572      0.85%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          36341      1.49%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          12673      0.52%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          33515      1.38%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           5628      0.23%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9871      0.41%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8          99701      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2433345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.076833                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.435841                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2086173                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        51580                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          254530                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          319                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        40740                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        20589                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          415                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1300939                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1703                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        40740                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2088543                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         28802                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        16008                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          252271                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         6978                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1298078                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1712574                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5899525                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5899525                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1354767                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         357787                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           18300                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       225179                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        40166                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          363                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8914                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1288853                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          187                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1195122                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1188                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       253672                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       538498                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2433345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.112923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1912975     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167827      6.90%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166956      6.86%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98755      4.06%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55139      2.27%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14681      0.60%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16265      0.67%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          409      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          338      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2433345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2238     57.98%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          903     23.39%     81.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          719     18.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       942461     78.86%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9860      0.83%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203169     17.00%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39544      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1195122                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.451299                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3860                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003230                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4828637                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1542731                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1161655                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1198982                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1151                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50388                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1664                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        40740                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         21651                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          880                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1289043                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225179                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40166                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           97                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          463                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10992                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8425                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        19417                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177267                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199492                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17855                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             239013                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         177527                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            39521                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.444557                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1162306                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1161655                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          700520                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1567213                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.438661                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.446985                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       909949                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1032210                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       256874                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        18038                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2392605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.295118                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2004333     83.77%     83.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155188      6.49%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96495      4.03%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31331      1.31%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50210      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10526      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6771      0.28%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6065      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31686      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2392605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       909949                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1032210                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               213288                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              174786                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           157611                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          904527                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        31686                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3649990                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2618955                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 48488                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                214838                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            909949                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1032210                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       909949                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.910254                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.910254                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.343613                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.343613                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5454980                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1523913                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1362881                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2648183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         203626                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179764                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18327                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130408                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124392                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12870                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          599                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2103012                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1155877                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            203626                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       137262                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              255408                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         59905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        33481                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          129215                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17789                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2433360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798101                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2177952     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          36948      1.52%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20652      0.85%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          36324      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          12534      0.52%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          33418      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5626      0.23%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9930      0.41%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          99976      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2433360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.076893                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.436479                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2085234                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        52065                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          254676                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        41042                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        20615                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          419                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1302651                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1706                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        41042                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2087622                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         29468                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        15684                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          252392                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         7149                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1299724                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1715219                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5906621                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5906621                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1354302                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         360891                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           18627                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       225541                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        40142                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          331                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8919                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1290592                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1195291                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1191                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       255723                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       545324                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2433360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1912987     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167931      6.90%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166947      6.86%     92.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98634      4.05%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55016      2.26%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14647      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16448      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          423      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          327      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2433360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2267     58.34%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          902     23.21%     81.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          717     18.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       942599     78.86%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9886      0.83%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203156     17.00%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39562      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1195291                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.451363                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3886                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003251                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4829016                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1546525                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1162029                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1199177                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1187                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50867                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1639                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        41042                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         22174                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          874                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1290786                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225541                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40142                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          457                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10920                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8498                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        19418                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177691                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199621                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17597                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             239153                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         177525                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            39532                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.444717                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1162601                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1162029                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          700951                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1567052                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.438802                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.447306                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       909555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1031816                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       259014                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        18014                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2392318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2003987     83.77%     83.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155275      6.49%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96624      4.04%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31332      1.31%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50052      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10510      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6848      0.29%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6069      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31621      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2392318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       909555                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1031816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               213170                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              174667                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           157546                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          904198                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        31621                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3651514                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2622749                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 48530                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                214823                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            909555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1031816                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       909555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.911515                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.911515                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.343464                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.343464                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5456676                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1524583                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1364667                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2648183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         240664                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200294                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23261                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92397                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85793                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25601                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1062                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2085190                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1319881                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            240664                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       111394                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              274322                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         65513                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        61307                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          130770                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22160                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2462849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2188527     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          16640      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20946      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          33414      1.36%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          13764      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          18189      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          21169      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9915      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         140285      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2462849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090879                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.498410                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2073074                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        74837                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          272979                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          140                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        41815                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        36544                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1612603                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        41815                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2075631                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          5585                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        63044                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          270542                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         6228                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1601734                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2237965                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7444881                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7444881                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1845548                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         392417                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           23031                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       151234                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        77711                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          928                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        17450                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1562334                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          384                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1490477                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1794                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205954                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430951                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2462849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1832674     74.41%     74.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       286290     11.62%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118072      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65701      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89420      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27724      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27314      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14476      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1178      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2462849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10378     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1420     10.81%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1335     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1255311     84.22%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20243      1.36%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137390      9.22%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77351      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1490477                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.562830                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13133                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008811                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5458730                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1768692                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1449396                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1503610                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1050                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31280                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        41815                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          4234                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          521                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1562718                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151234                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77711                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          436                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12973                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13480                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        26453                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1463064                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134527                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27413                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             211851                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         206460                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            77324                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.552478                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1449440                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1449396                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          868409                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2332541                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.547317                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372302                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1073659                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1322940                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239789                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        23254                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2421034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1860499     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284524     11.75%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102846      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51457      2.13%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46891      1.94%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19860      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19459      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9249      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26249      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2421034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1073659                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1322940                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               196101                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              119954                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           191821                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1190982                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        27305                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        26249                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3957501                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3167278                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 32808                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                185334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1073659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1322940                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1073659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.466503                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.466503                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.405432                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.405432                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6580486                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2027255                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1490024                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4784                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32748.387155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           616872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          16.435019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1227.928713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   280.921792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.839840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   100.166666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.746898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   273.910664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.647903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   126.901969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.841069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    95.460872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.375042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   128.262747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    11.860298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    51.583429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.145697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   129.927942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.841167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    93.887522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.532880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   192.288418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.633642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   133.069826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.498974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   192.107058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.732044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   125.230763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    24.664715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   130.127958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.332557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   132.179922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    11.862219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    52.691068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2783.714341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1567.151109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          2775.729094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1749.713328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1651.228706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1766.375289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1032.881963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1786.793581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1569.253999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2025.227633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1756.036557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2040.579537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1816.008453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1812.701564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1807.017650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1052.026169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.037473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.008573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.003057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.008359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.003873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.003914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.001574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.003965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.005868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.004061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.005863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.003822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.003971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.004034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.001608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.084952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.047826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.084709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.053397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.050392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.053905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.031521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.054529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.047890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.061805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.053590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.062274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.055420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.055319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.055146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.032105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2407                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2407                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          360                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          337                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          366                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          425                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          369                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          225                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5825                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 123                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          610                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          185                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          614                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          229                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          229                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          233                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          407                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          414                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          225                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          232                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          235                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4770                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2225921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     83401362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2270580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27973430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2015486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     83349728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4443348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     35098580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2186028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     27107488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4579874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     34693299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3138628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18007572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4298725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     35818799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2136516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     26675621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2161582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     61880043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4432593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     36038594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2304518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     62547555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4301718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     33857005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4091079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     35337016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4013500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     34863004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3044227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17815170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       706108589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8610406                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       156596                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8892591                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       294420                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       320077                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      18274090                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2225921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92011768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2270580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     28130026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2015486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     92242319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4443348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     35098580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2186028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     27401908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4579874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     34693299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3138628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18007572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4298725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     35818799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2136516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     26995698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2161582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     61880043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4432593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     36038594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2304518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     62547555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4301718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     33857005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4091079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     35337016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4013500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     34863004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3044227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17815170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        724382679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2225921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92011768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2270580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     28130026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2015486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     92242319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4443348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     35098580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2186028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     27401908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4579874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     34693299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3138628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18007572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4298725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     35818799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2136516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     26995698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2161582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     61880043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4432593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     36038594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2304518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     62547555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4301718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     33857005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4091079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     35337016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4013500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     34863004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3044227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17815170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       724382679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2407                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2407                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.533849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.535783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.390785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.386824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.346939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.395586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.395310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.492857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.393220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.444902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.820000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.558608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.561243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.388795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.384874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.393581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.393333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.492857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.378788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.391231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.391667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.450212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.558608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.561243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.388795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.384874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.393581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.393333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.492857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.378788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.391231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.391667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.450212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171224.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151089.423913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162184.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152029.510870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155037.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150450.772563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       170898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 153268.908297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156144.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151438.480447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       176149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151499.122271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149458.476190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151324.134454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165335.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153728.751073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152608.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150709.723164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154398.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152039.417690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170484.346154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152705.906780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153634.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151081.050725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165450.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150475.577778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157349.192308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152314.724138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154365.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 148353.208511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 144963.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 147232.809917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151949.341295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 148455.275862                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       156596                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 148209.850000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       147210                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 160038.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148569.837398                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171224.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150838.963934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162184.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152054.194595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155037.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150231.789902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       170898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 153268.908297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156144.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151391.756906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       176149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151499.122271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149458.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151324.134454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165335.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153728.751073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152608.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150813.955307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154398.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152039.417690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170484.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152705.906780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153634.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151081.050725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165450.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150475.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157349.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152314.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154365.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 148353.208511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 144963.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 147232.809917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151862.196855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171224.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150838.963934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162184.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152054.194595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155037.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150231.789902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       170898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 153268.908297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156144.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151391.756906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       176149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151499.122271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149458.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151324.134454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165335.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153728.751073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152608.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150813.955307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154398.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152039.417690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170484.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152705.906780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153634.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151081.050725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165450.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150475.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157349.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152314.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154365.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 148353.208511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 144963.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 147232.809917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151862.196855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            123                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1470647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     51271366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1456142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     17260664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1261317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     51103375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2931722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21772883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1372860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16696479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3070640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21365592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1915080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11082608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2791457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22252189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1321849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16367188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1345739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38195588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2926078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22299259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1433047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38441123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2793566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     20751741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2582815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21822453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2503536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     21175990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1821900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10774308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    435631201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5234168                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        98036                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5396989                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       177826                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       203125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11110144                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1470647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     56505534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1456142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     17358700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1261317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     56500364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2931722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21772883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1372860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16874305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3070640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21365592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1915080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11082608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2791457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22252189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1321849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16570313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1345739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38195588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2926078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22299259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1433047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38441123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2793566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     20751741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2582815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21822453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2503536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     21175990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1821900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10774308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    446741345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1470647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     56505534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1456142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     17358700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1261317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     56500364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2931722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21772883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1372860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16874305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3070640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21365592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1915080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11082608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2791457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22252189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1321849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16570313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1345739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38195588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2926078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22299259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1433047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38441123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2793566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     20751741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2582815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21822453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2503536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     21175990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1821900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10774308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    446741345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.533849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.535783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.390785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.386824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.346939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.395586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.395310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.492857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.393220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.444902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.820000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.558608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.561243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.388795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.384874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.393581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.393333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.492857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.378788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.391231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.391667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.450212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.558608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.561243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.388795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.384874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.393581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.393333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.492857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.378788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.391231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.391667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.450212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 113126.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92882.909420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104010.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93807.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97024.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92244.359206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 112758.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95078.091703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98061.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93276.418994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 118101.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93299.528384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91194.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93131.159664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107363.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95502.957082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94417.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92469.988701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96124.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93846.653563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 112541.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94488.385593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95536.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92852.954106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 107444.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92229.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99339.038462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94062.297414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96289.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 90110.595745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 86757.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89043.867769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93744.609641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90244.275862                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        98036                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 89949.816667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        88913                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101562.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90326.373984                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 113126.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92632.022951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104010.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93830.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97024.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92020.136808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 112758.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95078.091703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98061.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93228.204420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 118101.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93299.528384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91194.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93131.159664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107363.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95502.957082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94417.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92571.581006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96124.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93846.653563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 112541.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94488.385593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95536.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92852.954106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 107444.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92229.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99339.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94062.297414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96289.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 90110.595745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 86757.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89043.867769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93656.466457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 113126.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92632.022951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104010.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93830.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97024.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92020.136808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 112758.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95078.091703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98061.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93228.204420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 118101.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93299.528384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91194.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93131.159664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107363.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95502.957082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94417.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92571.581006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96124.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93846.653563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 112541.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94488.385593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95536.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92852.954106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 107444.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92229.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99339.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94062.297414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96289.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 90110.595745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 86757.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89043.867769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93656.466457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.745215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494288.286853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2836401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2836401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2836401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2836401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2836401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2836401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166847.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166847.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166847.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166847.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166847.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166847.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2351572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2351572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2351572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2351572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2351572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2351572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 180890.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180890.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 180890.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180890.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 180890.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180890.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1092                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125036227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             92756.844955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   190.059427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    65.940573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.742420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.257580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       171286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         171286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       171286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        171286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          442                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          442                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    330816294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    330816294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     77223698                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77223698                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    408039992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    408039992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    408039992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    408039992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005748                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005748                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 133987.968408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133987.968408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 174714.248869                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174714.248869                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 140171.759533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140171.759533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 140171.759533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140171.759533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1819                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1819                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    123184562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123184562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9217831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    132402393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132402393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    132402393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132402393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119134.005803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119134.005803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 158928.120690                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158928.120690                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121247.612637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121247.612637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121247.612637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121247.612637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              495.839048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              746972915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1505993.780242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.839048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       128303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       128303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         128303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       128303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        128303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3388203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3388203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3388203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3388203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3388203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3388203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       128323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       128323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       128323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       128323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       128323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169410.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169410.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169410.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169410.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169410.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169410.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2447033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2447033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2447033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2447033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2447033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2447033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174788.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174788.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174788.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174788.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174788.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174788.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              117716691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             152878.819481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   168.373514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    87.626486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.657709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.342291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        88845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        74621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       163466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         163466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       163466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        163466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    224075588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224075588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6904151                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6904151                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    230979739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    230979739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    230979739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    230979739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        90642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        74672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       165314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       165314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.019825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124694.261547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124694.261547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 135375.509804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135375.509804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124989.036255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124989.036255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124989.036255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124989.036255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53089936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53089936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       164896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       164896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53254832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53254832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53254832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53254832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103489.153996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103489.153996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       164896                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164896                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103608.622568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103608.622568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103608.622568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103608.622568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              501.746166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              750132619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1494288.085657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.746166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.020427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       124689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       124689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         124689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       124689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        124689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2754743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2754743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2754743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2754743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2754743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2754743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       124707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       124707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       124707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       124707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       124707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153041.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153041.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153041.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153041.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153041.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153041.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2185229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2185229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2185229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2185229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2185229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2185229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168094.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168094.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168094.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168094.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168094.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168094.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 1094                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              125036341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             92619.511852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   189.758695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    66.241305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.741245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.258755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        94845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        76554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       171399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         171399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       171399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        171399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    325704589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    325704589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     79101547                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79101547                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    404806136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    404806136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    404806136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    404806136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        97289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        76995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       174284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       174284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.025121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.016553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.016553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 133267.016776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133267.016776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 179368.587302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179368.587302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 140314.085269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140314.085269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 140314.085269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140314.085269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    122822631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122822631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9510432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9510432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    132333063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132333063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    132333063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132333063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000779                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000779                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 118783.975822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118783.975822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 158507.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158507.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120962.580439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120962.580439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120962.580439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120962.580439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              550.691679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              643069380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1162874.104882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.590593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.101086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.041011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         129158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        129158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7550821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7550821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7550821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7550821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7550821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7550821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       129190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       129190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 235963.156250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 235963.156250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 235963.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 235963.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 235963.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 235963.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6570732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6570732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6570732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6570732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6570732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6570732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 243360.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243360.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 243360.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243360.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 243360.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243360.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  589                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              150603723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  845                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             178229.257988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   156.397998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    99.602002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.610930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.389070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       180284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       218582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         218582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       218582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        218582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    234054512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    234054512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2547167                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2547167                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    236601679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    236601679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    236601679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    236601679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       182336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       220649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       220649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114061.653021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114061.653021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 169811.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169811.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114466.221093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114466.221093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114466.221093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114466.221093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1478                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1478                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     66496850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66496850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       531165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       531165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     67028015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67028015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     67028015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67028015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 113475.853242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113475.853242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       177055                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       177055                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 113799.685908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113799.685908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 113799.685908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113799.685908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              495.840291                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              746973078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1505994.108871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.840291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.022180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       128466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       128466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         128466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       128466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        128466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3266021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3266021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3266021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3266021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3266021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3266021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       128486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       128486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       128486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       128486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       128486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163301.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163301.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163301.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163301.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163301.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163301.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2349585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2349585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2349585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2349585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2349585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2349585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167827.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167827.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167827.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167827.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167827.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167827.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              117716486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             152088.483204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   168.465163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    87.534837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.658067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.341933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        88751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        74514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         163265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        163265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    222605229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    222605229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7715866                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7715866                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    230321095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    230321095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    230321095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    230321095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        90544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        74565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       165109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       165109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.019803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124152.386503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124152.386503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151291.490196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151291.490196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124902.979935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124902.979935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124902.979935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124902.979935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     52689835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52689835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       311020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       311020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     53000855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53000855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     53000855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53000855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102112.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102112.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       155510                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       155510                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102318.252896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102318.252896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102318.252896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102318.252896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              549.419427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              643069331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1162874.016275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.317615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.101812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.038971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         129109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        129109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7835764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7835764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7835764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7835764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7835764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7835764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       129140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       129140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 252766.580645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 252766.580645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 252766.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 252766.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 252766.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 252766.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6856902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6856902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6856902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6856902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6856902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6856902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 253959.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253959.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 253959.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253959.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 253959.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253959.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  595                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              150603636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             176972.545241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   157.096020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    98.903980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.613656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.386344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       180194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       218492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         218492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       218492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        218492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2031                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2031                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    233013446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    233013446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2574599                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2574599                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    235588045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    235588045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    235588045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    235588045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       182210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       220523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       220523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115582.066468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115582.066468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 171639.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171639.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115996.083210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115996.083210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115996.083210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115996.083210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1436                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1436                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     67239859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67239859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       592221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       592221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     67832080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67832080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     67832080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67832080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113580.842905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113580.842905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       197407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       197407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114003.495798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114003.495798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114003.495798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114003.495798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              467.248503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              749857213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1568738.939331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.248503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.019629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       130738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       130738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         130738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       130738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        130738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4416715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4416715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4416715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4416715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4416715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4416715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       130767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       130767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       130767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       130767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       130767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152300.517241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152300.517241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152300.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152300.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152300.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152300.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3562788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3562788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3562788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3562788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3562788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3562788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154903.826087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154903.826087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154903.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154903.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154903.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154903.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              108862270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             180834.335548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   117.069002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   138.930998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.457301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.542699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       103214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        75720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       178934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         178934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       178934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        178934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total          886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     95952347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95952347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1091439                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1091439                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     97043786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     97043786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     97043786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     97043786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       104088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        75732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       179820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       179820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109785.294050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109785.294050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 90953.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90953.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109530.232506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109530.232506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109530.232506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109530.232506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34519707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34519707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       224893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       224893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34744600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34744600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34744600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34744600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100640.545190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100640.545190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 74964.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74964.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100417.919075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100417.919075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100417.919075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100417.919075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              550.189394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              643069390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1162874.122966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.088269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.101125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.040206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.841508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       129168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       129168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         129168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       129168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        129168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7536917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7536917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7536917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7536917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7536917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7536917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       129200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       129200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       129200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       129200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       129200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 235528.656250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 235528.656250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 235528.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 235528.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 235528.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 235528.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6627462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6627462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6627462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6627462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6627462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6627462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 245461.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245461.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 245461.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245461.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 245461.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245461.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  592                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              150603606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             177598.591981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   156.589153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    99.410847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.611676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.388324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       180163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       218461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         218461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       218461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        218461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    235878865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    235878865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2274788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2274788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    238153653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    238153653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    238153653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    238153653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       182197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       220510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       220510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115967.976893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115967.976893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151652.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151652.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 116229.210835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116229.210835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 116229.210835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116229.210835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     67095842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67095842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       508647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       508647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     67604489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67604489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     67604489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67604489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113914.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113914.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       169549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       169549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114196.771959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114196.771959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114196.771959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114196.771959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              495.840397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              746973131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1505994.215726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.840397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       128519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       128519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         128519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       128519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        128519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3195073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3195073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3195073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3195073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3195073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3195073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       128539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       128539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       128539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       128539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       128539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159753.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159753.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159753.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159753.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159753.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159753.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2289314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2289314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2289314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2289314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2289314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2289314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163522.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163522.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163522.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163522.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163522.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163522.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              117716539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             152088.551680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   168.491626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    87.508374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.658170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.341830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        88781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        74537                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74537                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       163318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         163318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       163318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        163318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    221788382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221788382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8493157                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8493157                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    230281539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    230281539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    230281539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    230281539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        90574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        74588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       165162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       165162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123696.810931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123696.810931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166532.490196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166532.490196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124881.528742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124881.528742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124881.528742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124881.528742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     52285832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52285832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       336677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       336677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     52622509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52622509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     52622509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52622509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101329.131783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101329.131783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 168338.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168338.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101587.855212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101587.855212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101587.855212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101587.855212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              556.532107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              765407002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1374159.788151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.532107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.021686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         126104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        126104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2635832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2635832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2635832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2635832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2635832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2635832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       126120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       126120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164739.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164739.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164739.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164739.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164739.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164739.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2319636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2319636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2319636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2319636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2319636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2319636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165688.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165688.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165688.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165688.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165688.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165688.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  832                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              287890416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             264605.161765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   101.629122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   154.370878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.396989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.603011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       321942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       175762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       497704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         497704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       497704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        497704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    372127402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    372127402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    372127402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    372127402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    372127402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    372127402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       324953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       175762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       500715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       500715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123589.306543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123589.306543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123589.306543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123589.306543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123589.306543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123589.306543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          122                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             122                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     96603150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96603150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     96603150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96603150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     96603150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96603150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 116109.555288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116109.555288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 116109.555288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116109.555288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 116109.555288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116109.555288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              550.677330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              643069276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1162873.916817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    25.576294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.101036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.040988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       129054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       129054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         129054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       129054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        129054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8084769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8084769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8084769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8084769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8084769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8084769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       129087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       129087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       129087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       129087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       129087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       244993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       244993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       244993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       244993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       244993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       244993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6725917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6725917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6725917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6725917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6725917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6725917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 249108.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249108.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 249108.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249108.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 249108.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249108.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  600                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              150603921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             175939.160047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   157.605220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    98.394780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.615645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.384355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       180480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       218778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         218778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       218778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        218778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    238035001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    238035001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1993410                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1993410                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    240028411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    240028411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    240028411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    240028411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       182542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       220855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       220855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115438.894762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115438.894762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       132894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       132894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115564.954742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115564.954742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115564.954742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115564.954742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1477                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1477                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     68011677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68011677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       447979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       447979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     68459656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68459656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     68459656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68459656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113922.407035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113922.407035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 149326.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149326.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114099.426667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114099.426667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114099.426667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114099.426667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              557.498161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              765406900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1371696.953405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.498161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.023234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       126002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       126002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         126002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       126002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        126002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2859228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2859228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2859228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2859228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2859228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2859228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       126020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       126020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       126020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       126020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       126020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       158846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       158846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       158846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       158846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       158846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       158846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2463124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2463124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2463124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2463124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2463124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2463124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164208.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164208.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164208.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164208.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164208.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164208.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  840                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              287890446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             262673.764599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   101.522321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   154.477679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.396572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.603428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       322036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        322036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       175700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       497736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         497736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       497736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        497736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         3048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         3048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    380451454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    380451454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    380451454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    380451454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    380451454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    380451454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       325084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       175700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       500784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       500784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 124820.030840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124820.030840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 124820.030840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124820.030840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 124820.030840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124820.030840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     97531334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97531334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     97531334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97531334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     97531334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97531334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116108.730952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116108.730952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116108.730952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116108.730952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116108.730952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116108.730952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              550.775881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              643069502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1162874.325497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.675320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.100561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.041146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       129280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       129280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         129280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       129280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        129280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7359606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7359606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7359606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7359606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7359606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7359606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       129310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       129310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       129310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       129310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       129310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 245320.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 245320.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 245320.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 245320.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 245320.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 245320.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6335051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6335051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6335051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6335051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6335051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6335051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 234631.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234631.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 234631.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234631.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 234631.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234631.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  594                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              150603832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             177180.978824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   157.388263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    98.611737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.614798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.385202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       180392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       218690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         218690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       218690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        218690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    228183769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    228183769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3420715                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3420715                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    231604484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    231604484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    231604484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    231604484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       182440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       220753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       220753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111417.855957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111417.855957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 228047.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228047.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112265.867184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112265.867184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112265.867184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112265.867184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1469                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1469                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     64335674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64335674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       619233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       619233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     64954907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64954907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     64954907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64954907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108859.008460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108859.008460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       206411                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       206411                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109351.695286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109351.695286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109351.695286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109351.695286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              550.707971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              643069452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1162874.235081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    25.607319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.100652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.041037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.841507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       129230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       129230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         129230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       129230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        129230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7474859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7474859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7474859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7474859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7474859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7474859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       129262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       129262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       129262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       129262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       129262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 233589.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 233589.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 233589.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 233589.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 233589.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 233589.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6409568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6409568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6409568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6409568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6409568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6409568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 237391.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237391.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 237391.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237391.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 237391.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237391.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  593                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              150603818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  849                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             177389.656066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   156.582262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    99.417738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.611649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.388351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       180380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       218678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         218678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       218678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        218678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    232215913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    232215913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2031158                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2031158                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    234247071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    234247071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    234247071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    234247071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       182432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       220745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       220745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113165.649610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113165.649610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 135410.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135410.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113327.078374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113327.078374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113327.078374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113327.078374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1474                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1474                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     65690048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65690048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       423609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       423609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     66113657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66113657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     66113657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66113657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111339.064407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111339.064407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       141203                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       141203                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111490.146712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111490.146712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111490.146712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111490.146712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              550.376216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              643069404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1162874.148282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.275358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.100858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.040505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       129182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       129182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         129182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       129182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        129182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7506737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7506737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7506737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7506737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7506737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7506737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       129215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       129215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       129215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       129215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       129215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 227476.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227476.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 227476.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227476.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 227476.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227476.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6207942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6207942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6207942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6207942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6207942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6207942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 229923.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229923.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 229923.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229923.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 229923.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229923.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  600                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              150603986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             175939.235981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   158.550235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    97.449765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.619337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.380663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       180547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       218845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         218845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       218845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        218845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    232131916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    232131916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1951007                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1951007                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    234082923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    234082923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    234082923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    234082923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       182608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       220921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       220921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112630.721009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112630.721009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 130067.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130067.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112756.706647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112756.706647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112756.706647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112756.706647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1476                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1476                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     66442074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66442074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       430630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       430630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     66872704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66872704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     66872704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66872704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111293.256281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111293.256281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 143543.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143543.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111454.506667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111454.506667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111454.506667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111454.506667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              467.250693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              749857216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1568738.945607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.250693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.019633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       130741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       130741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         130741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       130741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        130741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4286175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4286175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4286175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4286175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4286175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4286175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       130770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       130770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       130770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       130770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       130770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147799.137931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147799.137931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147799.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147799.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147799.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147799.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3455870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3455870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3455870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3455870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3455870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3455870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150255.217391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150255.217391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150255.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150255.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150255.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150255.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              108862492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             180834.704319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   117.059581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   138.940419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.457264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.542736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       103396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        75760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       179156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         179156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       179156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        179156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total          884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total          884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     95089237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95089237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1231811                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1231811                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     96321048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     96321048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     96321048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     96321048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       104268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        75772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       180040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       180040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       180040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       180040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109047.290138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109047.290138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102650.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102650.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108960.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108960.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108960.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108960.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34206166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34206166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       236725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       236725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34442891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34442891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34442891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34442891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99726.431487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99726.431487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 78908.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78908.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99545.927746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99545.927746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99545.927746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99545.927746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
