
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106052                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106052117208                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               633154180116                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 314387                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   398136                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1903937                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67612376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55701.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17511842507                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22176786851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2544768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1451392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2536064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1885952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1863296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1880832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3748224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4204160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4155904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4163328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2486272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4178688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1878528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3777024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2525824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1442176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             44801024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10635392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10635392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        19881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        11339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        19813                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        14734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        14557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        14694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        29283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        32845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        32468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        32526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        19424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        32646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        14676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        29508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        19733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        11267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                350008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           83089                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                83089                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        43450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     23995447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        42243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13685649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23913375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17783256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        48278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17569626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        48278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17734978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     35343227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        51899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39642396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        48278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39187374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        50692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39257378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23443870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        49485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39402212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        49485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17713253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     35614791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        41036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23816818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13598748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               422443466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        43450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        42243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49485                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        48278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        48278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47071                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        51899                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        48278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        50692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        49485                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        49485                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45864                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        41036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             741070                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         100284580                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              100284580                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         100284580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        43450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     23995447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        42243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13685649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        39829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23913375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        49485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17783256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        48278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17569626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        48278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17734978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     35343227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        51899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39642396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        48278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39187374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        50692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39257378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        41036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23443870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        49485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39402212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        49485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17713253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        45864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     35614791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        41036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23816818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        44657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13598748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              522728046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254321625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20663878                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16939153                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022293                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8569106                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081393                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2123287                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91280                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197413160                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117520230                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20663878                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10204680                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25849435                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5731120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6613629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12160531                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2007988                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233553470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207704035     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2802435      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3227255      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1782177      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2068954      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1127634      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         768059      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2006754      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12066167      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233553470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081251                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.462093                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195821727                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      8234713                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25645460                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       193274                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3658290                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3359896                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18956                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143473562                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        95106                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3658290                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196123065                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2677396                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4703981                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25550197                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       840535                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143388187                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       217713                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       393282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199273935                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    667706840                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    667706840                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       28982203                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37802                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21196                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2255375                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13678643                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7464174                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196575                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1659161                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143182252                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37891                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135361841                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186164                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17818991                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41143592                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4441                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233553470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176524352     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22931531      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12323134      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8534782      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7461092      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3823874      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       913458      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594766      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446481      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233553470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34328     11.80%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125037     42.99%     54.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131493     45.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113302599     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119432      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12510901      9.24%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7412325      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135361841                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.532247                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            290858                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504754170                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161040391                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133133871                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135652699                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       343372                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2394960                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          829                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1262                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       163502                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8291                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3658290                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2190548                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       140923                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143220269                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13678643                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7464174                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21183                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99184                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1262                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172988                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1134169                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2307157                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133379808                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11750040                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1982029                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 126                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19160642                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18662683                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7410602                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.524453                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133135527                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133133871                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79125815                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207252625                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523486                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381784                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20533409                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2034116                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229895180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179787006     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23232085     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9734924      4.23%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5856825      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4049143      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2618976      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356144      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093444      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2166633      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229895180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2166633                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          370949176                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290100995                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3022398                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              20768155                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.543216                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.543216                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.393203                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.393203                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      601686291                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184772717                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     133903133                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33420                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254321625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       23043975                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19181342                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2089518                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8792065                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8428988                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2479294                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96945                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200412965                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            126397751                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          23043975                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10908282                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            26347615                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5821291                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      6880584                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12442814                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1997160                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    237353935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      211006320     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1617531      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2034106      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3240224      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1357886      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1750948      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        2034853      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         937810      0.40%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13374257      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    237353935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090610                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.497000                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      199233360                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      8173843                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        26222055                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        12461                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3712214                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3512902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          557                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    154522763                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2693                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3712214                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      199435638                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        647589                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      6961853                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        26032226                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       564408                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    153568972                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        81358                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       393765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    214460084                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    714133827                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    714133827                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    179512061                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       34948010                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        37134                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19331                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1984146                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     14386563                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7526483                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84378                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1707962                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        149956416                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37269                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       143873189                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       146305                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18152532                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36987981                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1355                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237353935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176395768     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27793675     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11376830      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6369681      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8627341      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2662287      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2612971      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1404870      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110512      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237353935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        991063     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       136069     10.84%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128254     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121200625     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966446      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17803      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13184546      9.16%     94.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7503769      5.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    143873189                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.565714                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1255386                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008726                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526502001                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168146909                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140133982                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    145128575                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106740                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2719036                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          695                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       112311                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           40                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3712214                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        493039                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61874                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149993691                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116331                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14386563                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7526483                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19331                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53944                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          695                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1233913                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1177948                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2411861                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141372923                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12968565                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2500263                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           20471610                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       19996774                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7503045                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.555882                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            140134467                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           140133982                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        83952883                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       225524378                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.551011                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372256                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104436543                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    128690314                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21303918                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35914                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2107440                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233641721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179178628     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27602962     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10018887      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4991679      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4567637      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1915790      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1899637      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904787      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2561714      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233641721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    104436543                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    128690314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             19081691                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11667521                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             17916                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         18653545                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       115863057                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2657469                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2561714                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          381073511                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         303700711                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3035878                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              16967690                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         104436543                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           128690314                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    104436543                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.435179                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.435179                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.410648                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.410648                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      636097505                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     195796290                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     142903106                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        35884                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254321625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19320438                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17240757                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1534107                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12758396                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12584652                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1159601                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46268                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203919234                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            109704946                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19320438                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     13744253                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24448906                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5039139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      3113784                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12333881                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1505996                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    234978286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      210529380     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3724592      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1881639      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3678009      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1182315      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3405051      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         538329      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         876726      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        9162245      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    234978286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075969                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.431363                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      201416813                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5662679                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24400902                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19628                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3478263                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1836176                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18099                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    122748630                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        34204                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3478263                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      201696053                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3421122                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1385803                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24143448                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       853591                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    122572733                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        95221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       685430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    160665503                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    555526218                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    555526218                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    130317323                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       30348157                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        16479                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8339                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1846851                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     22056391                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3599923                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23180                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       822151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        121930125                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16538                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       114182835                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74163                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21977629                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44965277                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234978286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184886787     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15832985      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16705244      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9734045      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5008463      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1254822      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1491818      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34619      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29503      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234978286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192079     57.34%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78281     23.37%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64623     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89567459     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897028      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8142      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20140390     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3569816      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    114182835                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.448970                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334983                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463753102                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143924598                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111295097                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    114517818                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90618                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4472307                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          315                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        88153                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3478263                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2312616                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104910                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121946742                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5042                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22056391                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3599923                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8337                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41015                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2376                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          315                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1033703                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594098                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1627801                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112733943                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19855030                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1448892                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           23424679                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17136975                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3569649                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.443273                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            111319832                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           111295097                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        67332444                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       146779611                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.437616                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.458732                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88640089                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     99817068                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22134603                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16418                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1524436                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231500023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194326507     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14612863      6.31%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9379493      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2954686      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4898533      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       955613      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607148      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555364      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3209816      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231500023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     88640089                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     99817068                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             21095852                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            17584082                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15313012                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        87237923                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1250076                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3209816                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          350241553                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         247384348                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4524622                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              19343339                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          88640089                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            99817068                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     88640089                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.869149                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.869149                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.348535                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.348535                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      523965000                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     145032831                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     130321693                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254321625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20956163                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17148444                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2046813                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8622927                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8244737                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2164256                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93081                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201754204                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            117223857                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20956163                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10408993                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24467150                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5596053                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4817610                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12344411                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2048838                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    234561582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      210094432     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1143280      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1814795      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2451709      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2521926      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2134636      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1193570      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1772741      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11434493      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    234561582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082400                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.460928                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      199701167                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6888058                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24423206                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        26903                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3522246                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3448113                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    143826964                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1952                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3522246                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      200251187                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1420469                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4211897                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23907240                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1248541                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    143775621                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       170027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       544561                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    200628422                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    668876834                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    668876834                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    173888463                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       26739952                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35632                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18539                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3737489                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13449114                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7292034                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85591                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1731552                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        143598200                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35761                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       136341155                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18685                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15914118                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38144385                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1283                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234561582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176868399     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23728232     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12010381      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9067571      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7125525      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2877829      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1813293      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       944371      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125981      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234561582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26042     11.52%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82981     36.71%     48.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117042     51.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114666875     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2037661      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17092      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12350627      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7268900      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    136341155                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536097                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226065                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507488642                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159548642                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134295914                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    136567220                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       276856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2152621                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          566                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105588                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3522246                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1137358                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121680                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143634103                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57308                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13449114                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7292034                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18540                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102861                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          566                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1191240                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150225                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2341465                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134459741                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11620968                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1881414                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18889577                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19104601                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7268609                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.528700                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            134296177                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           134295914                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        77093804                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       207739746                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528055                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371108                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101365812                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    124729437                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18904690                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34478                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2072681                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231039336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179876383     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25360197     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9578136      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4567434      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3846281      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2207791      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1932548      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873229      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2797337      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231039336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    101365812                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    124729437                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18482937                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11296491                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17986232                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       112379675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2568441                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2797337                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          371875424                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         290790562                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3056924                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              19760043                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         101365812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           124729437                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    101365812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.508949                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.508949                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398573                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398573                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      605173633                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     187073430                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     133338994                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        34448                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254321625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20968735                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17156957                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2044301                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8642848                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8248594                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2165749                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93190                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201795809                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            117278810                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20968735                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10414343                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24479057                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5586774                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4806835                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12344592                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2046322                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    234597532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      210118475     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1143999      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1813559      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2454493      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2524828      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2136437      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1195206      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1770329      0.75%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11440206      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    234597532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082450                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461144                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      199740931                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      6879041                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24435180                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        26922                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3515456                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3451908                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    143893195                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3515456                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      200290843                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1417795                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4205123                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23919153                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1249160                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    143842060                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       170461                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       544763                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    200718331                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    669187251                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    669187251                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    174027113                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       26691209                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        35665                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18557                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3734123                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13453600                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7298065                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85816                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1785849                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        143665207                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35793                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       136424430                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18602                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15880651                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38055074                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1291                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234597532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176826213     75.37%     75.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23795086     10.14%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12029544      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9058124      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7123482      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2883298      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1812061      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       944692      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125032      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234597532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26165     11.58%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82982     36.71%     48.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116879     51.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114736016     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2038822      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17105      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12357636      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7274851      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    136424430                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536425                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226026                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507691018                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159582212                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134386156                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    136650456                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       280649                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2148123                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          142                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          562                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105923                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3515456                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1133873                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121915                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143701149                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57428                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13453600                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7298065                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18560                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103136                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          562                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1187527                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150844                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2338371                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134550221                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11631081                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1874207                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 149                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18905646                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19120863                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7274565                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529055                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            134386398                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           134386156                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        77143917                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       207865789                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528410                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101446472                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    124828752                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18872408                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34502                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2070185                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231082076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179844889     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25413351     11.00%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9579843      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4575553      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3869159      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2209754      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1919384      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873798      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2796345      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231082076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    101446472                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    124828752                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18497616                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11305474                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18000578                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       112469137                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2570491                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2796345                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          371986189                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         290917844                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3056467                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              19724093                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         101446472                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           124828752                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    101446472                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.506954                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.506954                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398890                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398890                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      605583811                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     187194485                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     133407662                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        34472                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254321625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20938463                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17132529                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2049271                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8749553                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8250855                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2164670                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93513                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201792865                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            117043671                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20938463                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10415525                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24444668                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5579748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      4826207                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12345526                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2051001                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    234567602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      210122934     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1144801      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1814030      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2452616      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2524525      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2134660      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1189441      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1772643      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11411952      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    234567602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082331                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460219                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      199743574                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      6892854                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24400769                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        26917                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3503486                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3446099                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    143635101                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1991                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3503486                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      200292556                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1423219                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      4215113                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23885628                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1247598                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    143582328                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       170942                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       543659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    200361511                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    667937225                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    667937225                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    173883605                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       26477901                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        35930                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18835                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3733132                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13447597                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7284718                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1788948                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        143408091                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36060                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       136269126                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18615                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15725868                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37540283                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1586                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234567602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176835367     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23791347     10.14%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12040495      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9040212      3.85%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7103768      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2872372      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1814504      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       944099      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125438      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234567602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25458     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82953     36.64%     47.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117984     52.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114611221     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2030784      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17091      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12348645      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7261385      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    136269126                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.535814                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226395                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507350864                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159170582                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134217566                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    136495521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       275289                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2151427                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          138                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          566                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98490                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3503486                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1140011                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121791                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143444297                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13447597                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7284718                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18839                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102994                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          566                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1194633                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1148417                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2343050                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134381662                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11620361                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1887464                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18881476                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19102168                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7261115                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.528393                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            134217823                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           134217566                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        77050087                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       207604255                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.527747                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371139                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101362925                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    124725941                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18718385                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34474                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2075131                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231064116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179862357     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25395804     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9575669      4.14%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4565994      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3875129      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2210293      0.96%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1913999      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       874126      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2790745      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231064116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    101362925                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    124725941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18482395                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11296167                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             17198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17985753                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       112376493                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2568369                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2790745                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          371716995                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         290392199                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3059664                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              19754023                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         101362925                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           124725941                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    101362925                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.509020                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.509020                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.398562                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.398562                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      604831528                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     186968896                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     133150482                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        34444                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254321625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       20616214                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16860255                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2008517                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8551729                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8134721                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2121510                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89499                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200012764                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            117008192                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          20616214                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10256231                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24518743                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5835385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3514956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12296401                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024433                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    231829276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      207310533     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1330412      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2099164      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3342785      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1384716      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1547616      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1654713      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1075684      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       12083653      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    231829276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081064                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460080                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      198171344                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5370641                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24442401                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        62539                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3782350                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3380626                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          466                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    142876469                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         3009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3782350                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      198474979                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1725461                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2765679                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24207342                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       873452                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    142795409                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        27157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       246039                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       328257                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        44040                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    198254498                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    664293605                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    664293605                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    169292553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       28961936                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        36297                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19925                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2620978                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13598282                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7313578                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220347                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1661851                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        142594888                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36399                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       134963998                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166230                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18077230                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40236479                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3384                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231829276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174929652     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22832301      9.85%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12487503      5.39%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8513887      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7964762      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2291834      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1786172      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       605540      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417625      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231829276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31499     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97933     38.83%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122768     48.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113058664     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2135330      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16369      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12474758      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7278877      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    134963998                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530682                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252200                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502175702                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160710000                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132799667                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    135216198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       407585                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2424920                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          338                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1516                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       210625                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8421                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3782350                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1154494                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120577                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142631426                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58704                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13598282                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7313578                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19907                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88693                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1516                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174920                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1146519                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2321439                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133049280                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11732333                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1914718                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           19009478                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18719369                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7277145                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523154                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            132800720                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           132799667                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        77644415                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       202862453                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522172                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382744                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99441436                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    121889624                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20742011                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33015                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2051097                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228046926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178563998     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23964972     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9330197      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5025410      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3763419      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2101769      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1296702      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1158377      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2842082      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228046926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     99441436                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    121889624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             18276313                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11173360                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             16472                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17496656                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       109831711                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2476135                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2842082                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          367835816                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         289045824                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3225027                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              22492349                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          99441436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           121889624                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     99441436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.557502                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.557502                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.391007                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.391007                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      599994998                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     184085459                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     133269105                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        32984                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254321622                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19778882                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17847811                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1034798                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7458462                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7071382                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1093059                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45696                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209624981                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            124415928                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19778882                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      8164441                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24602494                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       3252218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      5093912                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12030976                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1040130                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    241512993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      216910499     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         877636      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1796445      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         755206      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        4089700      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3639038      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         703329      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1476350      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11264790      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    241512993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077771                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.489207                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      208445699                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      6286079                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24511916                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        78205                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      2191089                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1735812                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          517                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    145893760                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2827                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      2191089                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      208658468                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       4549028                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1070973                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24392281                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       651147                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    145818123                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          106                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       277896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       236065                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4012                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    171195496                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    686823783                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    686823783                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    151923997                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       19271499                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        16923                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8538                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1643943                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     34409895                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     17406276                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158627                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       846109                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        145534386                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16975                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       139949441                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73501                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11181446                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26812556                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241512993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191810827     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14861617      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12220472      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5282141      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6696464      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6487267      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3682706      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289962      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       181537      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241512993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354222     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2762489     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79955      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87786419     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1222934      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8382      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33562817     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17368889     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    139949441                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.550285                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3196666                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022842                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524682042                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156736356                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138756389                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    143146107                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252116                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1318433                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          561                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3558                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103654                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12396                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      2191089                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       4180135                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185839                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145551434                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1320                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34409895                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17406276                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8541                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126767                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3558                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       602156                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       611668                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1213824                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138971947                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33448869                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       977494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  73                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           50816399                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18207687                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         17367530                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.546442                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            138760862                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           138756389                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        74938311                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       147637566                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.545594                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507583                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112763753                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    132516381                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13049684                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16894                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1057532                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239321904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191290175     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17513472      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8220867      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8131546      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2211569      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9461250      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       707137      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515915      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1269973      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239321904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    112763753                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    132516381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             50394084                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            33091462                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              8434                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17499400                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       117839180                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1283647                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1269973                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          383617658                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         293323411                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4596545                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              12808629                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         112763753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           132516381                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    112763753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.255349                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.255349                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.443390                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.443390                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      687049011                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     161127686                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     173740608                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        16868                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254321625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19778854                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17849554                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1036825                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7463824                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7072300                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1094388                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45958                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209677687                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            124424530                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19778854                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      8166688                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24602818                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       3254294                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      5080073                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12034943                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1041619                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    241552180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      216949362     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         876767      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1794781      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         754544      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        4092243      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3639024      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         706922      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1476915      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11261622      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    241552180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077771                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.489241                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      208497318                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      6273482                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24512436                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        77847                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      2191092                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1733564                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    145896695                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2815                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      2191092                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      208711601                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       4529704                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1076723                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24390904                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       652149                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    145818383                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       277151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       236600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4011                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    171196915                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    686834591                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    686834591                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    151939062                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       19257847                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        17433                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9049                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1649736                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     34409626                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     17408255                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       159115                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       842924                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        145537461                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17487                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       139968128                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72189                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11159368                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26735317                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          592                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241552180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191839950     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14874131      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12216536      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5279867      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6697411      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6487773      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3684785      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289711      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182016      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241552180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354737     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2761920     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80015      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87800530     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1222660      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8382      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33566049     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17370507     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    139968128                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.550359                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3196672                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524757297                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156717892                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138774035                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    143164800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       251479                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1313741                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          561                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3583                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103386                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12397                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      2191092                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       4161625                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185056                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145555033                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1445                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34409626                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17408255                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9052                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126203                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           95                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3583                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       604585                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       611465                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1216050                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138988998                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33451712                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       979130                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           50820866                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18207394                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         17369154                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.546509                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            138778450                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           138774035                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        74944099                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       147650039                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.545664                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507579                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112776108                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    132530706                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13039024                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16895                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1059590                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239361088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191320673     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17518205      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8224059      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8132046      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2210154      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9463647      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       707007      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515024      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1270273      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239361088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    112776108                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    132530706                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             50400746                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            33095882                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              8434                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17501241                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       117851869                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1283740                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1270273                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          383660207                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         293330756                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4599033                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              12769445                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         112776108                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           132530706                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    112776108                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.255102                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.255102                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.443439                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.443439                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      687143512                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     161153406                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     173754158                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        16870                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254321625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19788520                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17857167                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1035671                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7433405                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7075484                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1093412                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45799                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209724387                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            124477638                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19788520                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      8168896                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24614752                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       3255947                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      5078813                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12036721                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1040731                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    241612428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      216997676     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         878587      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1795755      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         754902      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        4093240      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3639917      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         705053      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1477284      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11270014      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    241612428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077809                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.489450                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      208545750                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      6270483                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24524145                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        78081                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      2193964                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1736083                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          512                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    145969271                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2799                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      2193964                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      208757890                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       4533918                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1072841                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24404929                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       648879                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    145892918                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       277112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       235475                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3277                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    171281398                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    687179886                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    687179886                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    151987998                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       19293370                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        16931                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8543                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1640513                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     34429697                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     17414340                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158806                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       844690                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        145607422                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16983                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       140009871                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73413                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11202537                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26882920                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241612428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191886347     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14872640      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12222301      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5286263      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6699793      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6489924      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3683129      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289974      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182057      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241612428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354665     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2763714     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80118      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87822115     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1223313      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8385      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33579542     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17376516     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    140009871                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.550523                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3198497                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524904078                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156830495                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138813927                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    143208368                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       251493                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1323012                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          557                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3560                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103820                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12404                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      2193964                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       4165432                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185656                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145624495                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1354                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34429697                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17414340                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8545                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126673                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           75                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3560                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       603463                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       611956                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1215419                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139030348                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33465230                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       979521                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           50840322                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18215475                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         17375092                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.546671                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            138818441                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           138813927                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        74966964                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       147702701                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.545820                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507553                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112812625                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    132573478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13065505                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16902                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1058393                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239418464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191363192     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17523815      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8227159      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8132131      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2212864      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9464493      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       709167      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515115      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1270528      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239418464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    112812625                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    132573478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             50417199                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            33106683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8438                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17506835                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       117889896                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1284123                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1270528                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          383786581                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         293472146                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4598282                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              12709197                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         112812625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           132573478                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    112812625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.254372                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.254372                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.443583                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.443583                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      687338077                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     161191704                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     173824940                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16876                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254321625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19319439                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17240465                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1535372                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12765177                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12585631                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1160098                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46300                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203989860                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            109713987                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19319439                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     13745729                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24449760                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5043012                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3098593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12338228                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1507221                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    235037194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      210587434     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3723961      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1879638      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3678165      1.56%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1185039      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3404914      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         538563      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         877354      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        9162126      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    235037194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075965                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.431399                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      201490105                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5644953                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24401663                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        19587                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3480885                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1835445                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        18096                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    122758948                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        34204                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3480885                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      201769119                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3411859                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1378991                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24144797                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       851537                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    122582706                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        95205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       683641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    160669009                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    555580647                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    555580647                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    130325215                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       30343784                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        16467                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8327                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1842703                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     22066505                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3599580                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22781                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       821048                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        121947848                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16526                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       114199659                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73562                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21988398                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44998371                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          108                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235037194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184937354     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15835897      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16706288      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9736496      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5012557      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1253718      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1490760      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34672      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29452      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235037194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191309     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78286     23.41%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64827     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89577322     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896766      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8142      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20147806     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3569623      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    114199659                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.449036                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334422                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463844496                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143953075                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111310708                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    114534081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89577                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4480423                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           99                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          309                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        87806                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3480885                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2306437                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104760                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121964465                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4863                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22066505                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3599580                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8325                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40806                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2323                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          309                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1034340                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594125                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1628465                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112754143                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19861965                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1445516                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           23431419                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17139028                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3569454                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.443353                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            111335508                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           111310708                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        67339541                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       146795248                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.437677                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458731                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88646777                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     99823756                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22145663                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16418                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1525694                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231556309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194380088     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14612236      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9382006      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2954639      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4898714      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956610      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607270      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555903      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3208843      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231556309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     88646777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     99823756                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             21097856                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            17586082                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15314118                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        87243509                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1250078                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3208843                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          350316560                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         247422469                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4526809                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              19284431                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          88646777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            99823756                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     88646777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.868933                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.868933                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.348562                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.348562                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      524059013                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     145053092                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     130332847                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254321625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19780905                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17850467                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1036229                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7474150                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7076024                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1093874                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46076                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209710635                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            124440924                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19780905                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      8169898                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24606727                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3251802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      5081082                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12036253                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1041433                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    241588168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      216981441     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         877280      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1796173      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         755257      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        4093244      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3637720      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         707257      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1476490      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11263306      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    241588168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077779                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.489305                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      208525889                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      6278625                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24516524                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        77914                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2189211                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1735132                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          513                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    145913902                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2846                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2189211                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      208739181                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       4539073                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1073193                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24396097                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       651406                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    145838521                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       276975                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       236535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3837                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    171220799                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    686925090                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    686925090                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    151975465                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       19245328                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16925                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8541                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1644981                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     34416476                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     17412413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158481                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       844691                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        145557386                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16977                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       139991923                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73493                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11154953                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26719877                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           79                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241588168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191867555     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14875961      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12217733      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5283742      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6697057      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6489711      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3684486      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289813      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182110      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241588168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354393     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2762815     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80014      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87810603     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1223279      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8384      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33575121     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17374536     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    139991923                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.550452                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3197222                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524842729                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156732869                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138798232                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    143189145                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       251701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1312587                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          567                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3559                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103358                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12400                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2189211                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       4169966                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145574454                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1416                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34416476                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17412413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8541                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126637                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           82                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3559                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       606083                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       610175                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1216258                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139013513                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33460780                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       978410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           50833929                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18212858                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         17373149                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.546605                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            138802581                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           138798232                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        74954763                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       147657468                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.545759                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507626                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112803187                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    132562532                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13026489                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16898                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1058990                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239398957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191347976     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17520265      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8226327      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8134870      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2211126      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9466008      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       706692      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515237      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1270456      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239398957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    112803187                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    132562532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             50412936                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            33103886                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8436                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17505427                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       117880180                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1284044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1270456                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          383717184                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         293367458                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4598600                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              12733457                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         112803187                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           132562532                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    112803187                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.254561                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.254561                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443545                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443545                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      687265737                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     161179600                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     173782912                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16872                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254321625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20951576                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17143281                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2046675                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8681693                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8247355                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2165125                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93357                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201782119                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            117154040                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20951576                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10412480                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24458595                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5583698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      4822057                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12344296                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2048594                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    234573166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613299                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      210114571     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1143339      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1813681      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2452108      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2524826      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2134860      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1192067      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1771191      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11426523      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    234573166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082382                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460653                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      199728564                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      6892893                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24414930                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        26756                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3510021                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3448473                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    143755890                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1972                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3510021                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      200278503                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1421836                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      4215209                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23898841                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1248754                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    143703624                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       170481                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       544416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    200530665                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    668525195                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    668525195                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    173942413                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       26588245                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        35825                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18724                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         3736679                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13449369                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7290385                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85345                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1730414                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        143527667                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35949                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       136336925                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18742                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15801543                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37807282                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1464                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234573166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176873935     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23732305     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12017463      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9065216      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7124845      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2875991      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1813869      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       944839      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124703      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234573166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26189     11.58%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82996     36.70%     48.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116937     51.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114665565     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2034568      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17097      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12352529      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7267166      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    136336925                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.536081                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226122                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507491880                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159365726                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134289745                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    136563047                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       277460                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2149387                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          150                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          569                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101727                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3510021                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1138179                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121972                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143563762                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55894                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13449369                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7290385                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18727                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103148                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          569                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1190578                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1149717                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2340295                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134453285                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11623735                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1883640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18890635                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19109644                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7266900                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.528674                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            134289993                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           134289745                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        77089798                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       207719192                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.528031                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371125                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101397164                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    124768072                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18795721                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34485                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2072545                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231063145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179885004     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25368024     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9580389      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4567600      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3849160      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2208679      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1932448      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       872981      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2798860      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231063145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    101397164                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    124768072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18488639                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11299981                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             17204                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17991828                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       112414460                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2569239                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2798860                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          371827376                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         290637667                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3057701                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              19748459                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         101397164                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           124768072                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    101397164                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.508173                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.508173                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.398697                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.398697                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      605151603                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     187065898                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     133269681                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        34454                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254321625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20618009                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16862132                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2007717                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8513359                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8130116                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2120878                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89276                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199966028                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            117034712                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20618009                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10250994                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24519586                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5838607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      3500912                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12294230                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2023961                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    231773425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      207253839     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1330445      0.57%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2098110      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3342910      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1384267      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1544459      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1654388      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1076257      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12088750      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    231773425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081071                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460184                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      198124694                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5357022                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24442834                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        62443                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3786431                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3380598                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          470                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    142896614                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         3011                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3786431                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      198429530                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1720971                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      2754141                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24206432                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       875907                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    142815863                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        25659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       246372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       329568                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        43956                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    198285178                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    664393709                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    664393709                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    169270983                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       29014195                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        36152                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19783                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2627921                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13594665                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7312887                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220486                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1663406                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        142615243                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36255                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       134956275                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166147                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18116704                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40370956                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3242                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231773425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174881910     75.45%     75.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22825929      9.85%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12486405      5.39%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8511499      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7966540      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2290819      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1787322      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       605156      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417845      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231773425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31463     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        98022     38.87%     51.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122713     48.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113053545     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2136260      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16367      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12471714      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7278389      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    134956275                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530652                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252198                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502104320                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160769702                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132794277                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    135208473                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       407689                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2422716                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          339                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1526                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       210823                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8424                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3786431                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1154463                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120114                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142651634                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59375                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13594665                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7312887                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19765                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88045                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1526                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172734                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1146993                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2319727                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133043507                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11730049                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1912768                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           19006678                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18716725                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7276629                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523131                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            132795355                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           132794277                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        77643183                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       202865526                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522151                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382732                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99428829                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    121874179                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20777652                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33013                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2050205                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227986994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178513089     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23961155     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9325855      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5025191      2.20%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3762541      1.65%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2102113      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1296305      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1158778      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2841967      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227986994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     99428829                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    121874179                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18274013                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11171949                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16470                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17494444                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       109817794                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2475825                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2841967                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          367796195                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         289090303                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3224251                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              22548200                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          99428829                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           121874179                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     99428829                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.557826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.557826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390957                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390957                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      599967169                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     184079032                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     133293566                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        32984                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254321625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19305692                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17229094                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1539189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12880217                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12590798                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1160818                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46712                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203927774                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            109587564                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19305692                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     13751616                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24434389                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5038009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3099842                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles           15                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           38                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12336994                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1510902                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    234952218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      210517829     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3723623      1.58%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1879623      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3679100      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1184640      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3410993      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         538346      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         872889      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        9145175      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    234952218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075911                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.430901                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      201429184                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5645040                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24386273                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19661                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3472059                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1832951                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18101                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    122622275                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        34298                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3472059                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      201708028                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3401782                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1390021                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24129306                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       851016                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    122446186                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        94840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       683226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    160509258                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    554948398                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    554948398                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    130255433                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       30253823                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        16478                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8340                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1836103                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     22044468                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3592713                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23830                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       815090                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        121804528                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16536                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       114095914                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74553                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21898228                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44792186                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234952218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184883830     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15838750      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16701538      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9711550      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5008952      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1254113      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1490083      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34649      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28753      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234952218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192396     57.41%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78162     23.32%     80.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64560     19.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89499921     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896332      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8140      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20129249     17.64%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3562272      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    114095914                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.448628                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335118                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002937                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463553717                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143719587                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111207527                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    114431032                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90445                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4472427                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          303                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81881                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3472059                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2294328                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       105064                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121821157                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6762                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22044468                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3592713                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8336                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41188                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2292                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          303                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1040441                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       591333                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1631774                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112644123                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19839017                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1451791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           23401115                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17125759                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3562098                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.442920                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            111232583                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           111207527                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        67284692                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       146651566                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.437271                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458807                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88592815                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     99767063                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22059005                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16415                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1529511                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231480159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194323615     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14608957      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9375735      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2948980      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4896888      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956044      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       606323      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       554950      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3208667      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231480159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     88592815                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     99767063                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             21082872                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            17572040                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8190                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15304992                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        87195190                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1249729                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3208667                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          350097235                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         247126910                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4528668                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19369407                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          88592815                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            99767063                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     88592815                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.870680                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.870680                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.348350                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.348350                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      523538640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     144933057                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     130183473                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        16400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254321625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       23035713                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19180433                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2092388                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8799900                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8430339                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2478642                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97141                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200431143                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            126358447                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          23035713                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10908981                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            26340017                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5822597                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      6826816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12445231                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2000184                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    237309201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      210969184     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1615335      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2041409      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3240966      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1355065      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1747622      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        2037817      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         932307      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13369496      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    237309201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090577                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.496845                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      199251566                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      8119998                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        26214475                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        12494                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3710666                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3505560                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          559                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    154451846                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2347                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3710666                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      199453610                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        647247                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      6908854                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        26025110                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       563707                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    153498704                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        81433                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       393320                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    214402235                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    713827881                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    713827881                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    179485313                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       34916922                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        37179                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19379                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1980172                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     14368665                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7517621                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84230                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1703090                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        149882106                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37317                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       143826637                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143111                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18121769                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36840648                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1411                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237309201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176366196     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27793584     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11368143      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6368971      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8626652      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2657291      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2612477      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1405167      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110720      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237309201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        990711     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       134498     10.73%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128178     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121170428     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966254      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17800      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13177136      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7495019      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    143826637                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.565531                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1253387                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008715                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526358973                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168041875                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140087300                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    145080024                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106605                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2702868                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          685                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           38                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3710666                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        492657                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62004                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149919431                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14368665                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7517621                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19379                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54206                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           65                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          685                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1238702                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1177017                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2415719                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141323671                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12963671                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2502966                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20457988                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19987688                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7494317                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.555689                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            140087751                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           140087300                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        83936827                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       225474036                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.550827                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372268                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104420950                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    128671165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21248885                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35906                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2110301                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233598535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179141444     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27599247     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10019048      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4993970      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4563692      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1916967      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1898282      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904463      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2561422      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233598535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    104420950                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    128671165                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             19078854                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11665797                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             17912                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18650803                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       115845783                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2657073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2561422                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          380956435                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         303550786                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3038425                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              17012424                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         104420950                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           128671165                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    104420950                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.435542                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.435542                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.410586                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.410586                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      635902048                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     195756810                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     142853103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        35876                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         350166                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.933153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2034081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         382930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.311887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           208.629743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.098889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1621.204498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.356635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   979.087065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.455723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1529.696558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.994341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1188.994973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.582270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1185.776665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.474136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1209.549300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.876798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2061.153319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.060012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  2506.424138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.908915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2518.685562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.874306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2542.999399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.265284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1552.556682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.920174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2555.313013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.017485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1206.530466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.829109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  2078.488457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.608674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1547.734992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.464197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   979.165245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           351.992544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           252.426137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           331.943872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           280.527027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           300.856161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           270.345246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           392.173735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           386.235380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           382.459056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           373.288706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           345.048268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           355.423182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           273.453660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           366.023078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           328.232678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           257.727400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.049475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.029879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.046683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.036285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.036187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.036913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.062901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.076490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.076864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.077606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.047380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.077982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.036820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.063430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.047233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.029882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.010742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.007703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.008561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.009181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.008250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.011968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.011787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.011672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.011392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.010530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.010847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.008345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.011170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.010017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.007865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        35798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        25338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        26566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        26605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        48917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        49164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        49239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        49057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        42786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        25384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  581857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           165381                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                165381                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1973                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        35954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        25548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        26719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        26755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        48993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        49241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        49315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        49135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        42919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        25597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   583830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        35954                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        25548                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        26719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26932                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        26755                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43208                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        48993                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        49241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        49315                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35851                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        49135                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26788                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        42919                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35484                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        25597                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  583830                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                349994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 350008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19881                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11339                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19813                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14557                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29283                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32845                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32526                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32646                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14676                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29508                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19733                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                350008                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5517267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3269918027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5467453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1864360586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5095782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3221014784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6415176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2402328935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6364805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2374967904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6260179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2394807998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5838167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4809258778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6828471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5350271314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6038811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5288705032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6248643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5291316048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5080894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3156594894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6280477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5324083562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6546813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2398533170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5749516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4842985270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5234965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3204544001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5626788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1851149997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57139434507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       888391                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       422407                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       157509                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       397699                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       215821                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       2081827                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5517267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3270806418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5467453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1864360586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5095782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3221014784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6415176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2402328935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6364805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2374967904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6260179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2394807998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5838167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4809258778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6828471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5350693721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6038811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5288862541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6248643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5291713747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5080894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3156594894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6280477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5324083562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6546813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2398533170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5749516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4843201091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5234965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3204544001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5626788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1851149997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      57141516334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5517267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3270806418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5467453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1864360586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5095782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3221014784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6415176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2402328935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6364805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2374967904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6260179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2394807998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5838167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4809258778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6828471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5350693721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6038811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5288862541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6248643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5291713747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5080894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3156594894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6280477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5324083562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6546813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2398533170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5749516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4843201091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5234965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3204544001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5626788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1851149997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     57141516334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        55673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        81631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        81762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        41310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              931851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       165381                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            165381                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1987                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        55835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        81709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        81841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        41464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               933838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        55835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        81709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        81841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        41464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              933838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.309158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.401693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.397729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.397776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.399569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.408158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.307413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.375590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037975                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.037975                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.007463                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.007046                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.307398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.355439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.403954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.401342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.397361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.397429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.399188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.353946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.407417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.305637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.374806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.307398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.355439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.403954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.401342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.397361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.397429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.399188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.353946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.407417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.305637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.374806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153257.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164524.177459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156212.942857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164420.194550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154417.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162570.775955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156467.707317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163046.622438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159120.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163149.543450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156504.475000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162978.630598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149696.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164233.814090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158801.651163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162909.424335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150970.275000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162894.786460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148777.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162694.586846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149438.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162510.033670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153182.365854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163085.326288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159678.365854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163432.350095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151303.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164130.046091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153969.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162395.175645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152075.351351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164298.393272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163258.325877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 148065.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 140802.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       157509                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 132566.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       215821                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148701.928571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153257.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164519.210201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156212.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164420.194550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154417.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162570.775955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156467.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163046.622438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159120.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163149.543450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156504.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162978.630598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149696.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164233.814090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158801.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162907.405115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150970.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162894.620580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148777.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162691.808000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149438.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162510.033670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153182.365854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163085.326288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159678.365854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163432.350095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151303.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164131.797851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153969.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162395.175645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152075.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164298.393272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163257.743634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153257.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164519.210201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156212.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164420.194550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154417.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162570.775955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156467.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163046.622438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159120.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163149.543450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156504.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162978.630598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149696.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164233.814090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158801.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162907.405115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150970.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162894.620580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148777.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162691.808000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149438.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162510.033670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153182.365854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163085.326288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159678.365854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163432.350095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151303.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164131.797851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153969.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162395.175645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152075.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164298.393272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163257.743634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                83089                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     83089                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           349994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            350008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           350008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3424526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2112492586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3432256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1204160853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3174312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2066844761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4032321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1544325583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4041755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1527333239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3935985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1539207243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3570233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3104167496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4328839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3438653079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3714860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3398921758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3806703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3398392038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3101853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2025244393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3894454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3423946569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4165449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1543977674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3535856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3124821901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3255333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2055082567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3473440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1195077903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36761537818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       539196                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       246751                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        99704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       223059                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       157667                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1266377                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3424526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2113031782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3432256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1204160853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3174312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2066844761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4032321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1544325583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4041755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1527333239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3935985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1539207243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3570233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3104167496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4328839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3438899830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3714860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3399021462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3806703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3398615097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3101853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2025244393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3894454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3423946569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4165449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1543977674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3535856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3124979568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3255333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2055082567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3473440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1195077903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36762804195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3424526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2113031782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3432256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1204160853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3174312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2066844761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4032321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1544325583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4041755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1527333239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3935985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1539207243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3570233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3104167496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4328839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3438899830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3714860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3399021462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3806703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3398615097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3101853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2025244393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3894454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3423946569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4165449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1543977674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3535856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3124979568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3255333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2055082567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3473440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1195077903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36762804195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.309158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.401693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.397729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.397776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.399569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.408158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.307413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.375590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.037037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.007463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.307398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.355439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.403954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.401342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.397361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.397429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.399188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.353946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.407417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.305637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.374806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.307398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.355439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.403954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.401342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.397361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.397429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.399188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.353946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.407417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.305637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.374806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95125.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106288.935145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98064.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106196.388835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96191.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104317.607682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98349.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104813.735781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 101043.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104920.879233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98399.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104750.731115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91544.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106005.788205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100670.674419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104702.913312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92871.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104688.507038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90635.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104491.960705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91230.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104265.053182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94986.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104881.044201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101596.317073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105204.256882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93048.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105901.037076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95745.088235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104144.456849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93876.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106068.865093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105034.765790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        89866                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82250.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        99704                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        74353                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       157667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90455.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95125.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106283.978774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98064.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106196.388835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96191.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104317.607682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98349.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104813.735781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 101043.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104920.879233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98399.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104750.731115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91544.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106005.788205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100670.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104700.862536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92871.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104688.353517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90635.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104489.180871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91230.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104265.053182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94986.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104881.044201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101596.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105204.256882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93048.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105902.791379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95745.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104144.456849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93876.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106068.865093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105034.182633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95125.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106283.978774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98064.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106196.388835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96191.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104317.607682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98349.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104813.735781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 101043.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104920.879233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98399.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104750.731115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91544.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106005.788205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100670.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104700.862536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92871.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104688.353517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90635.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104489.180871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91230.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104265.053182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94986.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104881.044201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101596.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105204.256882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93048.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105902.791379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95745.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104144.456849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93876.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106068.865093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105034.182633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              517.990798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012168577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1950228.472062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    35.990798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.057678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12160485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12160485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12160485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12160485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12160485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12160485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7241346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7241346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7241346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7241346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7241346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7241346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12160531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12160531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12160531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12160531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12160531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12160531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157420.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157420.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157420.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157420.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157420.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157420.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5979458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5979458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5979458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5979458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5979458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5979458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161606.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161606.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161606.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161606.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161606.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161606.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                55835                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172654623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56091                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3078.116329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.810226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.189774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8574743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8574743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7261069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7261069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17841                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17841                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15835812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15835812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15835812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15835812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       194388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       194388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       194388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       194388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24910241808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24910241808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    475615175                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    475615175                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25385856983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25385856983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25385856983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25385856983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8765322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8765322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17841                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17841                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16030200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16030200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16030200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16030200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130708.219730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130708.219730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124866.152533                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124866.152533                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130593.745411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130593.745411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130593.745411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130593.745411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           19051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       134906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       138553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       138553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        55673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        55835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        55835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5891175143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5891175143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     11369941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11369941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5902545084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5902545084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5902545084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5902545084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105817.454475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105817.454475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70184.820988                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70184.820988                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105714.069741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105714.069741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105714.069741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105714.069741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              491.414957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1014231724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2061446.593496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    36.414957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.058357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12442766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12442766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12442766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12442766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12442766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12442766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8196456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8196456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8196456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8196456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8196456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8196456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12442814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12442814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12442814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12442814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12442814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12442814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170759.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170759.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170759.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170759.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170759.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170759.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6504237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6504237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6504237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6504237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6504237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6504237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175790.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175790.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175790.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175790.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175790.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175790.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                36887                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              164380344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                37143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4425.607625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.474441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.525559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.912010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.087990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9930594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9930594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7375808                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7375808                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19042                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19042                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17942                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17942                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17306402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17306402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17306402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17306402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        94814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        96927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        96927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        96927                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        96927                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10289036219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10289036219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    142877424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    142877424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10431913643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10431913643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10431913643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10431913643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     10025408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10025408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7377921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7377921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19042                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19042                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17942                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17942                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17403329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17403329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17403329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17403329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108518.111450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108518.111450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 67618.279224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67618.279224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107626.498736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107626.498736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107626.498736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107626.498736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       228442                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 28555.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7991                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7991                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        58137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        60040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        60040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3677092513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3677092513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     16119491                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16119491                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3693212004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3693212004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3693212004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3693212004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100256.087275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100256.087275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 76759.480952                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76759.480952                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100122.319625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100122.319625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100122.319625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100122.319625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              558.267041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              931031023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1659591.841355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    32.233858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.033182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.051657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12333840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12333840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12333840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12333840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12333840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12333840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6504495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6504495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6504495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6504495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6504495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6504495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12333881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12333881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12333881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12333881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12333881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12333881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158646.219512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158646.219512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158646.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158646.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158646.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158646.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5556028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5556028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5556028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5556028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5556028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5556028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163412.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163412.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163412.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163412.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163412.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163412.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                55178                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              224710065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                55434                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4053.650557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   202.794166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    53.205834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.792165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.207835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18129199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18129199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3494847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3494847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8264                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8264                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21624046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       21624046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21624046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      21624046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       192187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          343                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          343                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       192530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       192530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       192530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       192530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22004201428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22004201428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     30559803                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30559803                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22034761231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22034761231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22034761231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22034761231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18321386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18321386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3495190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3495190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21816576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21816576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21816576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21816576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114493.703674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114493.703674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 89095.635569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89095.635569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114448.455986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114448.455986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114448.455986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114448.455986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       137080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       137352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       137352                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137352                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5806469410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5806469410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4790535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4790535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5811259945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5811259945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5811259945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5811259945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105367.184024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105367.184024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 67472.323944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67472.323944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105318.423013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105318.423013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105318.423013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105318.423013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.119992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1011040192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1948054.319846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    43.119992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.069103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12344357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12344357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12344357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12344357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12344357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12344357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10733627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10733627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10733627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10733627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10733627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10733627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12344411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12344411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12344411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12344411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12344411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12344411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 198770.870370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 198770.870370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 198770.870370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 198770.870370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 198770.870370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 198770.870370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9044849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9044849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9044849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9044849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9044849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9044849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 205564.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205564.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 205564.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205564.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 205564.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205564.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                41453                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              166581628                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                41709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3993.901268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.360713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.639287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8497899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8497899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7152467                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7152467                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18412                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18412                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15650366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15650366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15650366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15650366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       132671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       133565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       133565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       133565                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       133565                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16513839511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16513839511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     78932131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78932131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16592771642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16592771642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16592771642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16592771642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8630570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8630570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7153361                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7153361                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18412                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18412                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15783931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15783931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15783931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15783931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124472.111547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124472.111547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 88290.974273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88290.974273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124229.937798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124229.937798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124229.937798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124229.937798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        91371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        92112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        92112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4339140276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4339140276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10588600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10588600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4349728876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4349728876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4349728876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4349728876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105063.929201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105063.929201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 69206.535948                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69206.535948                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104931.582177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104931.582177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104931.582177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104931.582177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              516.992385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1011040376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1951815.397683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    41.992385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.067295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12344541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12344541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12344541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12344541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12344541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12344541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10793141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10793141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10793141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10793141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10793141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10793141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12344592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12344592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12344592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12344592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12344592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12344592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 211630.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 211630.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 211630.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 211630.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 211630.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 211630.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9103099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9103099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9103099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9103099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9103099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9103099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 211699.976744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211699.976744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 211699.976744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211699.976744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 211699.976744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211699.976744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                41489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              166591172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                41745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3990.685639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.362724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.637276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8501733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8501733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7158143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7158143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18434                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18434                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15659876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15659876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15659876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15659876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       132977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       133869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       133869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       133869                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       133869                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16484867139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16484867139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     76639141                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76639141                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16561506280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16561506280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16561506280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16561506280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8634710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8634710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7159035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7159035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18434                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18434                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15793745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15793745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15793745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15793745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123967.807508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123967.807508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 85918.319507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85918.319507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123714.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123714.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123714.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123714.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        91640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        92380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        92380                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92380                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4323551948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4323551948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10183195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10183195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4333735143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4333735143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4333735143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4333735143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104592.784866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104592.784866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 66994.703947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66994.703947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104455.039721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104455.039721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104455.039721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104455.039721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              517.031387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1011041310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1951817.200772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    42.031387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.067358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12345475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12345475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12345475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12345475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12345475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12345475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10629186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10629186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10629186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10629186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10629186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10629186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12345526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12345526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12345526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12345526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12345526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12345526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 208415.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 208415.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 208415.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 208415.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 208415.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 208415.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9065415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9065415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9065415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9065415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9065415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9065415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 210823.604651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210823.604651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 210823.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210823.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 210823.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210823.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                41449                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              166582273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                41705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3994.299796                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.362393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.637607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.911572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.088428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8498448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8498448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7152275                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7152275                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18702                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18702                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15650723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15650723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15650723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15650723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       132847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          871                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          871                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       133718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       133718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       133718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       133718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16528961899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16528961899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     76043994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76043994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16605005893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16605005893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16605005893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16605005893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8631295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8631295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7153146                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7153146                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18702                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18702                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15784441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15784441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15784441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15784441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124421.039986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124421.039986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87306.537313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87306.537313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124179.286955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124179.286955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124179.286955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124179.286955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        91548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        92269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        92269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4337368489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4337368489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10162152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10162152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4347530641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4347530641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4347530641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4347530641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105023.571733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105023.571733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 67747.680000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67747.680000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104888.673816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104888.673816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104888.673816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104888.673816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              528.053537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1016754396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1918404.520755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.053537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12296351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12296351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12296351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12296351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12296351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12296351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8052393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8052393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8052393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8052393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8052393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8052393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12296401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12296401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12296401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12296401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12296401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12296401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161047.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161047.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161047.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161047.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161047.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161047.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6422451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6422451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6422451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6422451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6422451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6422451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160561.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160561.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160561.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160561.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160561.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160561.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                72491                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              181297455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                72747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2492.164007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.169997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.830003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8532356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8532356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7068822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7068822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15601178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       15601178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15601178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      15601178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       183580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          811                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          811                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       184391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       184391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       184391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       184391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22431292538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22431292538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     69722734                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69722734                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22501015272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22501015272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22501015272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22501015272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8715936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8715936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7069633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7069633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15785569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15785569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15785569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15785569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122188.106210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122188.106210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85971.311961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85971.311961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122028.815246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122028.815246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122028.815246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122028.815246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8707                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8707                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       111224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       111900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       111900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       111900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       111900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        72356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        72491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        72491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8011922275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8011922275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9046462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9046462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8020968737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8020968737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8020968737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8020968737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110729.203867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110729.203867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67010.829630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67010.829630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110647.787132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110647.787132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110647.787132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110647.787132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              582.818947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1041613698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1774469.672913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    42.602566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   540.216381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.068273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.865731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.934005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12030917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12030917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12030917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12030917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12030917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12030917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10038895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10038895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10038895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10038895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10038895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10038895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12030976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12030976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12030976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12030976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12030976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12030976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170150.762712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170150.762712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170150.762712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170150.762712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170150.762712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170150.762712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7856165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7856165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7856165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7856165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7856165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7856165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178549.204545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178549.204545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178549.204545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178549.204545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178549.204545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178549.204545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                81838                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              450409835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                82094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5486.513448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.908806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.091194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     31563463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31563463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17285247                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17285247                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8434                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8434                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     48848710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       48848710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     48848710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      48848710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       290497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       290761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       290761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       290761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       290761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  35167770683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35167770683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     24206523                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24206523                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  35191977206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35191977206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  35191977206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35191977206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     31853960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31853960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17285511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17285511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8447                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8447                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8434                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8434                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     49139471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49139471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     49139471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49139471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121060.701773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121060.701773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91691.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91691.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121034.035534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121034.035534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121034.035534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121034.035534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           15451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       208738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       208923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       208923                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208923                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        81759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        81838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        81838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9118251787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9118251787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5875748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5875748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9124127535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9124127535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9124127535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9124127535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111525.970071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111525.970071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 74376.556962                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74376.556962                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111490.108935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111490.108935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111490.108935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111490.108935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              580.919550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1041617670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1783591.900685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    39.883277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.036273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.063916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12034889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12034889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12034889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12034889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12034889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12034889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8761188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8761188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8761188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8761188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8761188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8761188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12034943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12034943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12034943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12034943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12034943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12034943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162244.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162244.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162244.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162244.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162244.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162244.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6844023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6844023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6844023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6844023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6844023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6844023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166927.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166927.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166927.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166927.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166927.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166927.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                81709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              450416411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                81965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5495.228585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.909208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.090792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     31567279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31567279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17287492                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17287492                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8435                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8435                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     48854771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       48854771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     48854771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      48854771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       289587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       289847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       289847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       289847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       289847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34949591308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34949591308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23280258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23280258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34972871566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34972871566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34972871566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34972871566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     31856866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31856866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17287752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17287752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8435                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8435                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     49144618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49144618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     49144618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49144618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120687.708039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120687.708039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 89539.453846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89539.453846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120659.767277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120659.767277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120659.767277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120659.767277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           14955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       207956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       207956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       208138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       208138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        81631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        81709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        81709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9070366684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9070366684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5720050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5720050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9076086734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9076086734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9076086734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9076086734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111114.241942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111114.241942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 73333.974359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73333.974359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111078.176627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111078.176627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111078.176627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111078.176627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              581.779515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1041619444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1777507.583618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    40.743294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.036221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.065294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12036663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12036663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12036663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12036663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12036663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12036663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9000269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9000269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9000269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9000269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9000269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9000269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12036721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12036721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12036721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12036721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12036721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12036721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155177.051724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155177.051724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155177.051724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155177.051724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155177.051724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155177.051724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7108313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7108313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7108313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7108313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7108313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7108313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165309.604651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165309.604651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165309.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165309.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165309.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165309.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                81841                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              450434686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                82097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5486.615662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.908522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.091478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     31580406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31580406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17293142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17293142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8456                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8456                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8438                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8438                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     48873548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       48873548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     48873548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      48873548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       290019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       290275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       290275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       290275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       290275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  34922659261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34922659261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     22884724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22884724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  34945543985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34945543985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  34945543985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34945543985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     31870425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31870425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17293398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17293398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8456                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8456                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8438                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8438                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     49163823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49163823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     49163823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49163823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120415.073706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120415.073706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 89393.453125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89393.453125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120387.715046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120387.715046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120387.715046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120387.715046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14010                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           14010                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       208257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       208434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       208434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        81762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        81841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        81841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9079048287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9079048287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5719576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5719576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9084767863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9084767863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9084767863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9084767863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111042.394841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111042.394841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 72399.696203                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72399.696203                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111005.093572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111005.093572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111005.093572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111005.093572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              558.467210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              931035367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1656646.560498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.239891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.227319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.053269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12338184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12338184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12338184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12338184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12338184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12338184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6619501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6619501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6619501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6619501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6619501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6619501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12338228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12338228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12338228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12338228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12338228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12338228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150443.204545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150443.204545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150443.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150443.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150443.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150443.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5481561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5481561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5481561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5481561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5481561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5481561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156616.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156616.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156616.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156616.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156616.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156616.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                55275                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              224718045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                55531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4046.713457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   202.460459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    53.539541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.790861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.209139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     18137165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18137165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3494870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3494870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8255                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8255                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21632035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       21632035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21632035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      21632035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       192097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          324                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          324                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       192421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       192421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       192421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       192421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21908052494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21908052494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     27505632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27505632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21935558126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21935558126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21935558126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21935558126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18329262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18329262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3495194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3495194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8255                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8255                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21824456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21824456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21824456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21824456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114046.822668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114046.822668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84893.925926                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84893.925926                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113997.734790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113997.734790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113997.734790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113997.734790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       136891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       137146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       137146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5767156742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5767156742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4591596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4591596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5771748338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5771748338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5771748338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5771748338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104466.122197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104466.122197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66544.869565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66544.869565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104418.784948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104418.784948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104418.784948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104418.784948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              580.836483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1041618980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1780545.264957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    39.800249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.036234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.063782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12036199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12036199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12036199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12036199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12036199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12036199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8594505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8594505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8594505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8594505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8594505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8594505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12036253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12036253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12036253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12036253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12036253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12036253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159157.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159157.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159157.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159157.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159157.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159157.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7131547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7131547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7131547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7131547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7131547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7131547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169798.738095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169798.738095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169798.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169798.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169798.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169798.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                81781                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              450429019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                82037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5490.559370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.908656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.091344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     31576215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31576215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17291677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17291677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8436                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8436                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     48867892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       48867892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     48867892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      48867892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       289676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       289934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       289934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       289934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       289934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34937254443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34937254443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     22226127                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22226127                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34959480570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34959480570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34959480570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34959480570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     31865891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31865891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17291935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17291935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8447                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8447                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8436                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8436                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49157826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49157826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49157826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49157826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120608.039475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120608.039475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86147.779070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86147.779070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120577.374747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120577.374747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120577.374747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120577.374747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           13822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       207973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       207973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       208153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       208153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        81703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        81781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        81781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9092330965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9092330965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5424658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5424658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9097755623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9097755623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9097755623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9097755623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111285.154339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111285.154339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 69546.897436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69546.897436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111245.345777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111245.345777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111245.345777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111245.345777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              518.162004                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1011040077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1948054.098266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    43.162004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.069170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12344242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12344242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12344242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12344242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12344242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12344242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11189004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11189004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11189004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11189004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11189004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11189004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12344296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12344296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12344296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12344296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12344296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12344296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 207203.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 207203.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 207203.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 207203.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 207203.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 207203.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9141875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9141875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9141875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9141875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9141875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9141875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 207769.886364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207769.886364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 207769.886364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207769.886364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 207769.886364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207769.886364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                41464                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              166585024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                41720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3992.929626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.374745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.625255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.911620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.088380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8498917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8498917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7154659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7154659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18595                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18595                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17227                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17227                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15653576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15653576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15653576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15653576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       132786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       133694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       133694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       133694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       133694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16544375628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16544375628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     79887836                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79887836                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16624263464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16624263464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16624263464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16624263464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8631703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8631703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7155567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7155567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18595                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18595                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17227                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17227                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15787270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15787270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15787270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15787270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124594.276716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124594.276716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 87982.198238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87982.198238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124345.621075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124345.621075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124345.621075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124345.621075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8724                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8724                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        91476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        92230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        92230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        41310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        41464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        41464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4337638642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4337638642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10495846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10495846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4348134488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4348134488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4348134488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4348134488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105002.145776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105002.145776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 68154.844156                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68154.844156                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104865.292495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104865.292495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104865.292495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104865.292495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              527.873244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1016752225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1922026.890359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    37.873244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.060694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12294180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12294180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12294180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12294180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12294180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12294180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7753603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7753603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7753603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7753603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7753603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7753603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12294230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12294230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12294230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12294230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12294230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12294230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155072.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155072.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155072.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155072.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155072.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155072.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6230938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6230938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6230938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6230938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6230938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6230938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159767.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159767.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159767.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159767.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159767.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159767.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                72427                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              181294601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                72683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2494.319181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.170124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.829876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8530536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8530536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7067936                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7067936                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19572                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19572                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15598472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15598472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15598472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15598472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       183499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          810                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          810                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       184309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       184309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       184309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       184309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22499420581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22499420581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     71732202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71732202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22571152783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22571152783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22571152783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22571152783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8714035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8714035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7068746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7068746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19572                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19572                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15782781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15782781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15782781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15782781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122613.314410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122613.314410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 88558.274074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88558.274074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122463.649540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122463.649540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122463.649540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122463.649540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8780                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8780                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       111206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       111882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       111882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       111882                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       111882                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        72293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        72427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        72427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8032062419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8032062419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9260184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9260184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8041322603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8041322603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8041322603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8041322603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111104.289751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111104.289751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69105.850746                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69105.850746                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111026.586812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111026.586812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111026.586812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111026.586812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              558.114676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              931034132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1656644.362989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    32.963959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.150717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.052827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12336949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12336949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12336949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12336949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12336949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12336949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6932657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6932657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6932657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6932657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6932657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6932657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12336994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12336994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12336994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12336994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12336994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12336994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154059.044444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154059.044444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154059.044444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154059.044444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154059.044444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154059.044444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5710998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5710998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5710998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5710998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5710998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5710998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163171.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163171.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163171.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163171.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163171.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163171.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                55217                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              224693405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                55473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4050.500333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   201.982136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    54.017864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.788993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.211007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     18113462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18113462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3493923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3493923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8266                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8266                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21607385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       21607385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21607385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      21607385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       192242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       192574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       192574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       192574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       192574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21983240496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21983240496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     28895031                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28895031                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22012135527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22012135527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22012135527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22012135527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18305704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18305704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3494255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3494255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8266                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8266                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21799959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21799959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21799959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21799959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114351.913193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114351.913193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87033.225904                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87033.225904                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114304.815432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114304.815432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114304.815432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114304.815432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       137095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       137357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       137357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5794829697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5794829697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4691267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4691267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5799520964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5799520964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5799520964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5799520964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105079.690591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105079.690591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 67018.100000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67018.100000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105031.438941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105031.438941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105031.438941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105031.438941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              493.424977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1014234141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2053105.548583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.424977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.061578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12445183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12445183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12445183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12445183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12445183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12445183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7784865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7784865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7784865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7784865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7784865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7784865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12445231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12445231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12445231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12445231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12445231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12445231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162184.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162184.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162184.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162184.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162184.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162184.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6355719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6355719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6355719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6355719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6355719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6355719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162967.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162967.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162967.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162967.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162967.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162967.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                36864                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              164375041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                37120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4428.206923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.469589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.530411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.911991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.088009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9926376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9926376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7374682                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7374682                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19087                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19087                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17938                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17938                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17301058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17301058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17301058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17301058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        94639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2133                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2133                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        96772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        96772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        96772                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        96772                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10287729799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10287729799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    141852669                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    141852669                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10429582468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10429582468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10429582468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10429582468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     10021015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10021015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7376815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7376815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19087                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19087                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17938                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17938                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17397830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17397830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17397830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17397830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108704.971513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108704.971513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66503.829817                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66503.829817                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107774.795065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107774.795065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107774.795065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107774.795065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       166275                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 23753.571429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        57988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        59908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        59908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3664522401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3664522401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16146279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16146279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3680668680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3680668680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3680668680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3680668680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99984.240566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99984.240566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 75804.126761                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75804.126761                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99844.527995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99844.527995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99844.527995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99844.527995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
