
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.104670                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                104669954445                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632445330990                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 325464                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   414990                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1962534                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67619724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 53334.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17358324771                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22133135709                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1867648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3731200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      4237056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4270976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1821056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1421440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2532736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2543104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2554752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2592768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2570368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2553984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1879040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      4203648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      4245632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4186240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             47288704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9997952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9997952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        14591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        29150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        33102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        33367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        14227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        11105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        19787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        19868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        19959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        20256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        20081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        19953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        14680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        32841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        33169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        32705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                369443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           78109                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                78109                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        48916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17843210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     35647288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     40480155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        46470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     40804221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17398078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13580210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24197355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     24296409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        41578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     24407692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     24770891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     24556885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     24400355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        48916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17952048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     40160981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        50139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     40562089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        48916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39994667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               451788713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        48916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        46470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45247                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41578                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41578                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        41578                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41578                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        48916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        50139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        48916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             736181                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          95518834                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               95518834                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          95518834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        48916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17843210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        47693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     35647288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        47693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     40480155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        46470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     40804221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        47693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17398078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        45247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13580210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        41578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24197355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        41578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     24296409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        41578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     24407692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        47693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     24770891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        41578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     24556885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        42801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     24400355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        48916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17952048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        47693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     40160981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        50139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     40562089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        48916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39994667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              547307547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              251007086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20648134                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16894654                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024632                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8688238                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8142331                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136373                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92433                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199159307                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115397341                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20648134                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10278704                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24107632                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5503174                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4773080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12184676                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2026251                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    231492313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.953757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207384681     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1129808      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1790287      0.77%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2420210      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2490686      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2102591      0.91%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1176177      0.51%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1751321      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11246552      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    231492313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082261                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.459737                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197135043                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      6814291                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24064739                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        26317                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3451918                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3398522                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141629530                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1983                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3451918                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197675241                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1397660                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4180630                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23557850                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1229009                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141579106                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       167947                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       535827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197574136                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658605662                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658605662                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545501                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26028609                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35419                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18554                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3677127                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13265500                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7184623                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84313                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1689002                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141410187                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35541                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134415926                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18308                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15440576                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36794319                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1534                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231492313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174597766     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23403911     10.11%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11859151      5.12%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8935963      3.86%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7015902      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2834253      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790268      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931449      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123650      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231492313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25083     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81802     36.64%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116368     52.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113053103     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001258      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12183039      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7161664      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134415926                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.535506                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223253                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500565724                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156886843                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132389488                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134639179                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272524                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2121220                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          540                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95021                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3451918                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1118273                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120493                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141445879                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48009                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13265500                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7184623                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18557                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101875                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          540                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181990                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131576                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2313566                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132550016                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11462740                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1865908                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 151                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18624126                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18843532                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7161386                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528073                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132389731                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132389488                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        75995233                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204762445                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527433                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371139                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18396954                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34007                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2050137                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228040395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388530                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177575974     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25006080     10.97%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9455083      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4499996      1.97%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3794909      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2178553      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908571      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       860951      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2760278      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228040395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233882                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144280                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743910                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865555                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2760278                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          366725324                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286343776                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3020629                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              19514773                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.510071                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.510071                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398395                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398395                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596593043                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184425700                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131285434                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33976                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              251007086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20341765                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16638109                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1983102                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8395727                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8021993                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2090987                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88290                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197334303                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            115461764                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20341765                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10112980                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24197540                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5770660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3445723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12133859                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1998960                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    228721691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      204524151     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1316791      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2073449      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3301911      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1364261      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1519706      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1628482      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1060398      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11932542      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    228721691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081041                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459994                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      195511974                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5282484                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24121618                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        61966                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3743645                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3333496                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          458                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    140992587                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2999                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3743645                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      195815270                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1704505                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2703379                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23886260                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       868628                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    140912835                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        25498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       242480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       328063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42843                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    195648761                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    655542376                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    655542376                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    166963371                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       28685361                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        35698                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19551                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2607113                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13423329                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7213174                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       217274                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1644387                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        140712275                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35802                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       133140450                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163197                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17908077                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39918318                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3239                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228721691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172591834     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22521531      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12317139      5.39%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8404472      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7856794      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2256384      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1764851      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596465      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       412221      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228721691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30823     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        96084     38.77%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       120950     48.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111534973     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2107361      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16142      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12302585      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7179389      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    133140450                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530425                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247857                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495413640                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158657600                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130999005                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    133388307                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       400480                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2403573                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          331                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1472                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       207990                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8287                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3743645                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1141863                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119087                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140748212                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58426                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13423329                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7213174                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19538                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        87083                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1472                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1160123                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132276                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2292399                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131244352                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11569046                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1896093                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18746822                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18463278                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7177776                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522871                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            131000017                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           130999005                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        76599715                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       200152524                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521894                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382707                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98073273                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    120212719                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20535659                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32563                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2025115                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224978046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176174792     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23639308     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9201569      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4952624      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3712494      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2071274      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1279260      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1143305      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2803420      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224978046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     98073273                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    120212719                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18024931                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11019750                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16245                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17256037                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       108320576                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2442044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2803420                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          362922341                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         285240626                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3184460                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              22285395                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          98073273                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           120212719                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     98073273                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.559383                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.559383                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390719                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390719                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      591839077                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     181597764                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     131498576                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        32534                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              251007082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19516504                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17611347                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1023911                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7296225                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6974258                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1078213                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45229                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206794844                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            122765209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19516504                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      8052471                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24275763                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       3223411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      5051367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11871620                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1028651                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    238295965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      214020202     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         865918      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1771804      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         745214      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        4035090      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3590619      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         692309      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1457754      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11117055      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    238295965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077753                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.489091                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      205625563                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      6233682                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24185746                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        77490                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      2173479                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1712130                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          512                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    143963931                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2818                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      2173479                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      205836412                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       4514587                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1061295                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24067302                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       642883                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    143886382                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       274404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       233052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3403                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    168940688                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    677720994                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    677720994                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    149821853                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       19118835                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        17167                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8899                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1627146                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     33946443                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     17167012                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       156999                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       831648                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        143605520                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17220                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       138048930                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72732                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11110429                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26684489                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          557                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238295965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189266837     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14665848      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12048327      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5210839      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6608987      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6397618      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3631801      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       286597      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179111      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238295965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        349941     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2724792     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78868      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86605650     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1206712      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8266      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33099525     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17128777     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    138048930                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.549980                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3153601                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517620158                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154736702                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136866361                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    141202531                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       248563                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1313677                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          534                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3539                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104146                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12224                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      2173479                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       4149925                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       183284                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143622825                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1442                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33946443                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17167012                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8901                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       124816                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3539                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       595431                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       606779                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1202210                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137079580                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32986855                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       969350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           50114287                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17959250                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         17127432                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.546118                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            136870702                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           136866361                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        73924472                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       145675531                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.545269                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507460                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111203040                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    130682391                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12954433                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16663                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1046348                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236122486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188750859     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17276335      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8108939      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8016961      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2181685      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9327900      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       699896      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       507609      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1252302      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236122486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    111203040                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    130682391                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             49695632                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            32632766                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8318                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17257395                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       116208229                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1265935                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1252302                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          378506670                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         289447311                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4535912                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              12711117                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         111203040                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           130682391                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    111203040                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.257196                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.257196                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.443027                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.443027                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      677668560                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     158938660                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     171407766                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16638                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              251007086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19508861                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17604418                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1022405                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7311188                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6972097                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1077512                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45146                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206756826                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            122725597                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19508861                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      8049609                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24265512                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       3216052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      5039695                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11867686                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1027086                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    238230142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      213964630     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         864793      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1770083      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         744945      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        4033748      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3589766      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         691109      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1458019      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11113049      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    238230142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077722                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.488933                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      205587201                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6222411                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24175478                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        77450                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      2167597                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1711407                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          513                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    143910995                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2787                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      2167597                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      205798421                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       4501944                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1061422                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24056579                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       644172                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    143833173                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       274166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       233798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3715                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    168873023                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    677471861                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    677471861                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    149808861                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       19064162                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        17150                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8882                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1628366                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     33936797                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     17165781                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       156070                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       834038                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        143551294                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       138021293                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71582                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11067086                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26547065                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          541                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238230142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189208304     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14663859      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12048660      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5211421      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6604601      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6396427      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3631860      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       285928      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179082      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238230142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        349438     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2724192     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78881      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86582520     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1206341      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8265      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33096189     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17127978     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    138021293                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.549870                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3152511                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517496821                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154639119                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136842806                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    141173804                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       249158                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1304884                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          554                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3544                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103450                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12223                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      2167597                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       4137394                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       182796                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143568589                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1382                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33936797                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17165781                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8885                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       124277                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           78                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3544                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       594499                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       605994                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1200493                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137055303                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32985550                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       965990                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           50112178                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17957386                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         17126628                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.546022                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            136847199                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           136842806                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        73908553                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       145613631                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.545175                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507566                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111195491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    130673035                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12909993                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16663                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1044861                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236062545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188695443     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17273904      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8107424      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8017581      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2180727      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9328347      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       699129      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       507797      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1252193      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236062545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    111195491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    130673035                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             49694244                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            32631913                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              8318                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17256030                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       116199815                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1265740                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1252193                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          378393042                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         289333849                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4534451                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              12776944                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         111195491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           130673035                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    111195491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.257349                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.257349                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.442997                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.442997                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      677562503                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     158911200                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     171367022                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        16638                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              251007086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20652685                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16896873                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025603                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8651820                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8139571                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2137317                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92460                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199252334                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            115432448                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20652685                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10276888                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24106996                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5501893                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4785469                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12189559                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2026969                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    231594818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.953732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      207487822     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1124131      0.49%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1783646      0.77%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2423259      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2489153      1.07%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2105674      0.91%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1175257      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1760478      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11245398      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    231594818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082279                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.459877                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      197229835                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      6824818                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24064055                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        26459                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3449646                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3400809                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    141679271                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1977                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3449646                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      197765836                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1401554                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4187331                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23561407                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1229039                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    141631908                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       168319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       535571                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    197649153                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    658844403                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    658844403                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    171650423                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       25998730                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        35482                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18607                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3679062                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13270242                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7188412                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84943                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1721232                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        141476605                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35602                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       134499216                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18351                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15420169                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36723953                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1575                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231594818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174644125     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23443896     10.12%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11875293      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8930936      3.86%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7017435      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2836248      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1791202      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931730      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123953      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231594818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25327     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81854     36.61%     47.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116379     52.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113125593     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2002293      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16872      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12188819      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7165639      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    134499216                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.535838                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223560                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500835161                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156932931                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132472610                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    134722776                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       270435                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2119157                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          135                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          559                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94474                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3449646                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1122199                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119981                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141512352                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13270242                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7188412                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18610                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101445                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          559                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182040                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132297                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2314337                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132631906                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11467382                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1867310                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 145                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18632728                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18854543                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7165346                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.528399                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            132472832                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           132472610                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        76042826                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       204894739                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.527764                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371131                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100061138                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    123124186                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18388194                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34027                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2051127                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228145172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177630946     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25040427     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9456648      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4504800      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3808476      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2181389      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1901227      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       862220      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2759039      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228145172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    100061138                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    123124186                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18245023                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11151085                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             16976                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17754750                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       110933355                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2535384                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2759039                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          366897824                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         286474463                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3020999                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              19412268                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         100061138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           123124186                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    100061138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.508537                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.508537                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398639                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398639                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      596955221                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     184540316                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     131328760                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        33996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              251007086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       22709836                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18912030                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2066980                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8981504                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8330354                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2446595                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96445                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197843627                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            124602438                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          22709836                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10776949                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            25984686                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5735292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      6848499                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12282570                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1975592                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    234326451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.027684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      208341765     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1593764      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2022393      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3204476      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1337539      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1725788      0.74%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2011387      0.86%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         915671      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       13173668      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    234326451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090475                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.496410                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      196683285                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      8120386                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25861423                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        12150                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3649200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3452101                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          439                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    152275968                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2464                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3649200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      196881981                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        636657                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      6931494                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        25675117                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       551996                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    151336253                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        80281                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       384796                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    211424952                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    703837774                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    703837774                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    177132991                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       34291936                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        37325                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19757                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1944702                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     14148374                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7406358                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83251                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1676671                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        147771104                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37455                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       141859313                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       137428                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17784353                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36053190                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2023                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234326451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174195055     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27447153     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11209464      4.78%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6273829      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8513043      3.63%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2611128      1.11%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2581684      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1386931      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108164      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234326451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        977426     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130069     10.54%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126484     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119517062     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1940173      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17567      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13001085      9.16%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7383426      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    141859313                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.565161                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1233979                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008699                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    519416480                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165593590                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138173762                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    143093292                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       105064                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2635422                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           28                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          679                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        90383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           26                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3649200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        485462                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61351                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147808564                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113976                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14148374                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7406358                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19757                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53699                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          679                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1230308                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150660                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2380968                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139389910                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12789004                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2469399                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           20172005                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19714110                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7383001                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.555323                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            138174048                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           138173762                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        82795876                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       222400392                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.550478                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372283                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    103052528                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    126985113                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20824083                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35432                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2084707                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230677251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176928197     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27238859     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9890586      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4928682      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4507005      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1895670      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1870491      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       892368      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2525393      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230677251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    103052528                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    126985113                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18828924                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11512952                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             17676                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         18406416                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       114327823                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2622277                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2525393                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          375960339                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         299267622                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2998764                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              16680635                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         103052528                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           126985113                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    103052528                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.435720                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.435720                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.410556                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.410556                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      627242486                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     193100822                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     140866888                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        35402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              251007086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19042502                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16998494                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1519690                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12754858                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12419122                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1147035                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46298                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201220347                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            108125142                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19042502                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     13566157                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24113353                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       4973385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3088204                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12173512                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1491670                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    231867050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      207753697     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3670036      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1859821      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3632570      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1171934      0.51%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3363980      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         532483      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         857974      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        9024555      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    231867050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075864                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.430765                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      198758666                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5595737                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24065773                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        19593                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3427280                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1802946                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        17867                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    121001855                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        33744                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3427280                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      199032776                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       3371835                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1382102                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23812899                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       840151                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    120828433                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        94106                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       674131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    158410345                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    547680136                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    547680136                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    128565254                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       29845065                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        16276                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8238                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1815968                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     21756787                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3549213                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23360                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       804270                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        120206923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16335                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       112602046                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72546                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21603106                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44227333                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231867050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182457807     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15633160      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16476712      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9581867      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4944192      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1237790      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1472824      0.64%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34385      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28313      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231867050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        188882     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77370     23.44%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63838     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88326302     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885545      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8040      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19862987     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3519172      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    112602046                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.448601                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330090                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457473777                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141826647                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109748846                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    112932136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89669                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4423645                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          291                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81248                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3427280                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2281344                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103234                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120223346                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15096                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21756787                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3549213                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8236                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40278                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2342                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          291                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1027164                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583716                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1610880                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111172951                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19577578                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1429094                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           23096560                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16897475                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3518982                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.442908                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            109773919                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           109748846                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        66407070                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       144781486                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.437234                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.458671                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87427497                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     98465101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21763225                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16214                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1510151                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228439770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191762591     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14422072      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9254993      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2913567      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4830478      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943848      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599255      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548068      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3164898      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228439770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     87427497                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     98465101                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20801101                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            17333136                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8090                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15104091                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        86060740                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1234469                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3164898                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          345502873                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         243886683                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4468248                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              19140036                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          87427497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            98465101                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     87427497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.871031                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.871031                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.348307                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.348307                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      516698347                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     143044545                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     128445901                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              251007086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19038618                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16996035                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1519920                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12767377                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12415558                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146285                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46136                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201192825                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            108109750                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19038618                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     13561843                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24108806                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       4974134                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      3075578                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12172296                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1492193                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    231822874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      207714068     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        3668215      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1860659      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3631631      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1171246      0.51%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3362996      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         531817      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         858184      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        9024058      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    231822874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075849                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.430704                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      198725304                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      5588795                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24061509                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        19476                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3427789                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1802235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        17876                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    120986394                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        33625                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3427789                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      199000464                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       3368394                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1376766                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23807764                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       841690                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    120813123                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          169                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        94261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       675484                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    158398308                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    547613087                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    547613087                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    128535884                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       29862394                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        16286                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8247                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1817455                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     21750834                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      3547864                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23475                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       806827                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        120189553                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16345                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       112578956                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73399                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21610491                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44250930                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          130                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231822874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182420768     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15634797      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16473254      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9577282      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4944348      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1237345      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1472230      0.64%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34492      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28358      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231822874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189500     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77352     23.40%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63740     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88310260     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885496      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8039      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19856951     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3518210      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    112578956                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.448509                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330592                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002937                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457384777                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141816679                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109726859                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    112909548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89260                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4423089                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          295                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80408                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3427789                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2274148                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103549                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120205983                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15544                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21750834                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3547864                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8245                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40516                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2309                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          295                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1027408                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583935                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1611343                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111148295                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19569604                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1430661                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           23087623                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16892345                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          3518019                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.442809                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            109751333                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           109726859                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        66391969                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       144765183                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.437146                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.458618                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87405516                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     98441483                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21769438                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16215                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1510361                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228395085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191725120     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14420080      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9252974      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2912976      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4829678      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943147      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599297      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548206      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3163607      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228395085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     87405516                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     98441483                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             20795201                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            17327745                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              8090                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15100291                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        86040490                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1234273                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3163607                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          345442074                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         243852327                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4467824                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              19184212                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          87405516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            98441483                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     87405516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.871753                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.871753                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.348219                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.348219                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      516581221                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     143022090                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     128424459                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        16200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              251007084                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19038275                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16995091                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1517744                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12768684                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12416650                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146716                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46151                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201173814                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            108102810                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19038275                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     13563366                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24109164                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       4968186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3095805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12169712                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1489928                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    231820671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      207711507     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        3671554      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1859284      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3632340      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1169880      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3362839      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         531846      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         857084      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        9024337      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    231820671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.075848                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.430676                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      198712011                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      5603468                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24061663                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        19519                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3424009                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1802575                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        17879                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    120975643                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        33785                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3424009                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      198986270                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       3380225                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1381102                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23808514                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       840544                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    120802411                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        94143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       674492                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    158377971                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    547563708                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    547563708                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    128553892                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       29824066                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        16279                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8240                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1818840                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     21750950                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      3548516                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23372                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       807545                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        120181953                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16336                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       112583270                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72565                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21587731                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44191824                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231820671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182415719     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15633569      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16476506      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9578807      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4945150      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1236912      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1471324      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34308      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28376      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231820671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        188879     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77296     23.43%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63723     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88311873     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885568      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8040      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19859048     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3518741      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    112583270                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.448526                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            329898                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457389674                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141786310                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109732295                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    112913168                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88675                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4420679                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          297                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80562                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3424009                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2290064                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103057                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120198368                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15553                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21750950                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3548516                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8238                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40215                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2354                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          297                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1025428                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       582840                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1608268                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111154146                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19572280                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1429124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           23090846                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16894498                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          3518566                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.442833                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            109756963                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           109732295                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        66399428                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       144765274                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.437168                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.458670                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87417865                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     98455469                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21747901                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16213                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1508188                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228396662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191720182     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14423753      6.32%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9253086      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2914898      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4829390      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       944329      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599004      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548539      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3163481      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228396662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     87417865                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     98455469                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             20798223                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            17330269                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              8090                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15102484                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        86052705                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1234464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3163481                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          345436226                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         243833444                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4465972                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              19186413                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          87417865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            98455469                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     87417865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.871348                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.871348                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.348269                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.348269                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      516611680                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     143024380                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     128420153                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        16196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              251007086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20398608                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16725691                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1997053                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8397472                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7962645                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2093467                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89994                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194647955                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            115973817                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20398608                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10056112                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25501461                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5676180                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6444753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11991353                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1981650                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    230242361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      204740900     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        2765249      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        3197526      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        1755443      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2018000      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1113367      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         755274      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1979799      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11916803      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    230242361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081267                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.462034                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      193066326                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      8056131                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25288388                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       201961                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3629554                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3313587                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18638                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    141562938                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        92432                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3629554                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      193376268                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2909423                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      4279955                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        25193119                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       854033                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    141476677                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       218196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       398633                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    196628526                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    658749722                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    658749722                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    167870434                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       28758091                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        36988                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20602                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2281011                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13498511                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7361877                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       193335                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1637838                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        141270640                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37045                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       133494605                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186929                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17678532                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40877903                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4074                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230242361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174004007     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22612228      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12151074      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8421531      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7356380      3.20%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3759338      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       912084      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584830      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440889      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230242361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35455     12.31%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123205     42.79%     55.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129298     44.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111736343     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2089015      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16348      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12343772      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7309127      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    133494605                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.531836                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            287958                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002157                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497706458                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158987483                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131275597                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    133782563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       336602                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2375040                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          819                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1269                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       164701                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8169                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3629554                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2416294                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       146170                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141307803                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56040                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13498511                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7361877                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20580                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103868                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1269                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1156760                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1122311                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2279071                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131522747                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11590150                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1971858                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18897626                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18402095                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7307476                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.523980                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            131277691                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           131275597                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        78020320                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       204355296                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522996                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381788                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98578761                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    120944206                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20365055                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32971                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2008540                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226612807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177211004     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22907279     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9599331      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5771998      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3990566      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2582205      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1338167      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1078076      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2134181      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226612807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     98578761                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    120944206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18320647                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11123471                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16450                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17309212                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       109036048                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2460619                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2134181                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          365787224                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         286248150                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2981591                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              20764725                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          98578761                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           120944206                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     98578761                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.546259                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.546259                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392733                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392733                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      593295466                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     182196818                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     132128994                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        32940                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              251007086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19037949                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16993651                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1518386                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12755703                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12414333                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1147012                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46303                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201170761                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            108095080                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19037949                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     13561345                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24107096                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4969453                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3089181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           18                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12169712                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1490565                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    231809581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      207702485     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3671362      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1858799      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3631557      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1169409      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3363006      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         532087      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         856702      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        9024174      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    231809581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075846                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430646                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      198712613                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5593196                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24059670                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        19442                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3424659                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1803457                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        17860                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    120969238                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        33742                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3424659                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      198986418                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3369067                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1382726                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23806680                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       840024                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    120796472                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        94127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       673782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    158371121                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    547530261                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    547530261                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    128533707                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       29837386                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        16276                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8238                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1817299                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     21746714                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3548378                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23677                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       806433                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        120173791                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16334                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       112570943                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72787                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21596013                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44202216                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231809581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485618                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182409941     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15631650      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16475326      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9577375      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4944638      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1236881      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1471177      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34247      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28346      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231809581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189246     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77204     23.38%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63734     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88304458     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885653      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8039      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19854351     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3518442      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    112570943                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.448477                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330184                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457354436                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141786431                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109719469                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    112901127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88853                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4419111                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          302                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81003                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3424659                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2280966                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103168                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120190208                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15068                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21746714                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3548378                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8236                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40473                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2346                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          302                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1025311                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583683                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1608994                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111140958                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19569221                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1429983                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           23087489                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16893248                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3518268                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.442780                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            109744294                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           109719469                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        66389093                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       144735990                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.437117                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458691                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87404262                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     98439931                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21755230                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16213                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1508844                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228384922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191713583     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14422081      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9251682      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2914850      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4828445      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943959      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       598903      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548409      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3163010      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228384922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     87404262                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     98439931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             20794970                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            17327599                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8090                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15100081                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        86039083                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1234241                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3163010                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          345416748                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         243817665                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4466181                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              19197505                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          87404262                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            98439931                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     87404262                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.871795                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.871795                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.348214                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.348214                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      516547222                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     143008166                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     128409642                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              251007086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19039863                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16996381                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1518189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12761198                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12415355                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146750                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46283                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201159625                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            108113914                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19039863                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13562105                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24110446                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4970628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      3080593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12169525                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1490281                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    231794555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764901                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      207684109     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3669672      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1860548      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3632636      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1170710      0.51%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3363075      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         531660      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         856723      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9025422      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    231794555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075854                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      198689052                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5597030                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24063173                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19280                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3426019                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1802445                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        17872                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    120986939                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        33779                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3426019                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      198964583                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3373294                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1379507                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23808639                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       842506                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    120812979                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        93522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       676789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    158395056                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    547616213                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    547616213                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    128547127                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       29847908                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16274                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8234                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1820650                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     21749370                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3549279                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23206                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       805549                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        120187252                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16331                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       112577716                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73026                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21599324                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44242757                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231794555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182393466     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15633652      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16473191      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9577486      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4943865      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1238716      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1471416      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34416      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28347      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231794555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189297     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77273     23.40%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63712     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88307141     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885680      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8040      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19857672     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3519183      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    112577716                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.448504                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330282                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457353295                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141803201                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109725832                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    112907998                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89362                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4420802                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          300                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81327                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3426019                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2278780                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103478                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120203663                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15729                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21749370                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3549279                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8232                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40454                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2363                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          300                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1025613                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583564                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1609177                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111146835                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19570182                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1430881                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  80                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           23089181                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16892965                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3518999                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.442804                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            109751011                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           109725832                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        66392712                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       144760975                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.437142                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458637                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87412137                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     98449741                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21758906                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16214                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1508636                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228368536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191693929     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14422980      6.32%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9253197      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2913226      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4830771      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943751      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599111      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548384      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3163187      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228368536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     87412137                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     98449741                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20796510                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            17328559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8090                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15101537                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        86047920                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1234462                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3163187                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          345413671                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         243846014                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4465800                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              19212531                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          87412137                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            98449741                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     87412137                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.871536                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.871536                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.348246                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.348246                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      516578501                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     143015128                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     128430441                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              251007086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20646290                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16892440                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023561                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8655608                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8138827                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136744                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92469                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199133531                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            115394176                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20646290                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10275571                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24101604                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5499631                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      4782052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12182648                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025205                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    231467004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.953881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      207365400     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1124980      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1785923      0.77%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2421208      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2490005      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2105637      0.91%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1175514      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1753566      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11244771      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    231467004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082254                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459725                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      197110568                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      6822022                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24058818                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        26152                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3449439                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3398675                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    141628825                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1989                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3449439                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      197647487                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1404209                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      4181910                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23554964                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1228990                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    141580545                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       168144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       535659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    197575337                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    658603610                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    658603610                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    171559826                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       26015506                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        35570                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18704                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         3676086                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13265166                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7185117                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84518                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1686178                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        141422279                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35695                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       134436372                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15433345                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36751345                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1683                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231467004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271828                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174570121     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23402633     10.11%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11856745      5.12%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8935373      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7021025      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2836329      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789301      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931237      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124240      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231467004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25207     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81801     36.61%     47.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116435     52.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113072725     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001771      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16863      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12183127      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7161886      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    134436372                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.535588                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223443                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500581511                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156891869                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132411409                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    134659815                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273447                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2119992                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          139                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          552                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94943                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3449439                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1125408                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120028                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141458120                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        20791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13265166                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7185117                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18706                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101314                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          552                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181143                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131906                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2313049                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132571204                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11464178                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1865168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18625778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18845763                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7161600                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.528157                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            132411633                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           132411409                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        76009481                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       204796605                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.527521                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371146                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100008327                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    123059100                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18399058                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34012                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2049065                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228017565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177547615     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25008819     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9454707      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4504248      1.98%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3793256      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2179200      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1909052      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       860557      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2760111      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228017565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    100008327                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    123059100                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18235345                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11145171                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16968                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17745350                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       110874707                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2534032                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2760111                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          366714923                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         286365820                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3019844                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              19540082                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         100008327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           123059100                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    100008327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.509862                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.509862                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.398428                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.398428                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      596686440                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     184452875                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     131284442                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33982                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              251007086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19504961                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17599816                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1023621                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7617311                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6983253                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1080068                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45426                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206871416                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            122697103                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19504961                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      8063321                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24268885                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       3208796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      5043796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11874546                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1028520                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    238343568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      214074683     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         867867      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1772581      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         745831      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        4036597      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3590456      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         699733      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1453279      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11102541      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    238343568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077707                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.488819                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      205708075                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      6219929                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24179390                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        77207                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2158962                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1711794                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          509                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    143872347                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2796                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2158962                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      205916720                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       4502998                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1062245                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24062781                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       639855                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    143795661                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           95                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       273978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       230390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5639                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    168816676                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    677311692                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    677311692                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    149849199                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       18967470                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        17223                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8953                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1609596                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     33939992                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     17171426                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       155869                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       829247                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        143518982                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17277                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       138052113                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72266                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10986430                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26235565                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          610                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238343568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189293648     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14689358      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12054532      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5208588      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6601622      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6398685      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3631121      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       286824      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179190      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238343568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        349824     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2723580     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78958      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86596995     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1205424      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8267      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33108759     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17132668     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    138052113                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.549993                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3152362                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517672422                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154526226                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136874495                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    141204475                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       248805                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1299928                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          571                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3545                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104819                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12227                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2158962                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       4138438                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       182478                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143536363                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1308                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33939992                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17171426                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8956                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       124267                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           87                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3545                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       599064                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       601197                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1200261                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137087532                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32997056                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       964581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 104                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           50128208                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17959588                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         17131152                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.546150                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            136878974                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           136874495                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        73919676                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       145613286                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.545301                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507644                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111224776                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    130707544                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12843271                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16667                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1046243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236184606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188799540     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17281166      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8113121      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8020208      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2181496      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9332536      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       696816      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       507832      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1251891      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236184606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    111224776                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    130707544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             49706667                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            32640060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              8320                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17260620                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       116230520                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1266100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1251891                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          378483192                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         289260819                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4537856                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              12663518                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         111224776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           130707544                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    111224776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.256755                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.256755                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.443114                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.443114                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      677755803                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     158940416                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     171353748                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        16642                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              251007086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19508809                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17607312                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1022045                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7347494                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6976289                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1077735                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45054                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206806243                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            122723193                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19508809                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      8054024                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24266633                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       3211005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      5047060                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11870080                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1027140                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    238283416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      214016783     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         865021      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1768502      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         744974      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        4036487      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3589155      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         695540      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1458010      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11108944      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    238283416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077722                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.488923                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      205638532                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      6227577                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24177104                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        77228                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      2162970                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1708985                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          510                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    143911401                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2804                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      2162970                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      205848447                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       4519524                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1052147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24059510                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       640811                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    143835893                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       273552                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       232407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3171                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    168872159                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    677495006                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    677495006                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    149841712                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       19030447                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        16674                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8405                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1617624                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     33941662                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores     17167705                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       156112                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       828933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143555137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16727                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       138036364                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72108                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11042968                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26496532                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           61                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238283416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189255207     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14670898      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12044671      5.05%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5212143      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6604206      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6399179      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3631864      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       286192      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179056      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238283416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        349734     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2724480     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78924      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86588432     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1205472      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8267      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33102911     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17131282     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    138036364                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.549930                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3153138                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517581390                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154618362                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136856341                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    141189502                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       247209                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1302082                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          570                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3536                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101393                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12226                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      2162970                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       4156532                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       183049                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143571943                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1356                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33941662                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17167705                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8407                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       124549                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           76                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3536                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       596330                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       603129                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1199459                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137068675                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32989802                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       967689                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           50119803                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17956218                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores         17130001                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.546075                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            136860673                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           136856341                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        73913372                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       145638618                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.545229                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.507512                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111220454                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    130702228                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12884005                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16666                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1044456                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236120446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188743332     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17276806      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8109858      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8018962      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2180997      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9331479      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       698133      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       508393      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1252486      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236120446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    111220454                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    130702228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             49705892                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            32639580                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8320                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17259854                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       116225757                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1266001                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      1252486                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          378453855                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         289335631                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4535349                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              12723670                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         111220454                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           130702228                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    111220454                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.256843                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.256843                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.443097                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.443097                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      677642658                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     158925398                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     171372102                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        16640                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              251007086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19495497                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17591878                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1027357                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7764385                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6982904                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1079475                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45563                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206862326                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            122636550                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19495497                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      8062379                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24257858                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       3214865                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      5021438                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11877070                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1032050                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    238303341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      214045483     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         867806      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1769955      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         746126      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        4034312      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3590640      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         701389      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1452889      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11094741      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    238303341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077669                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.488578                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      205698637                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      6198113                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24168136                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        77243                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      2161207                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1710094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          512                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    143803615                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2840                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      2161207                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      205908227                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       4475709                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1064196                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24050299                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       643696                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    143725887                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       273786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       232305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6659                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    168749964                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    676980505                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    676980505                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    149758120                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       18991832                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        17251                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8986                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1620698                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     33923573                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     17161737                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       156376                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       828914                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        143448880                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       137989789                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71685                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10984408                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26179121                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          649                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238303341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189263420     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14697748      6.17%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12051925      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5203520      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6597809      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6392417      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3630444      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       286818      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179240      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238303341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        349956     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2721497     86.38%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79028      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86566313     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1203937      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8262      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33089116     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17122161     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    137989789                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.549745                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3150481                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517505085                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154454126                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136811014                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    141140270                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       249079                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1303779                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          574                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3540                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105718                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12225                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      2161207                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       4110449                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       181947                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143466274                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1450                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33923573                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17161737                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8989                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       123579                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          131                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3540                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       602075                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       601819                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1203894                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137023127                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32977318                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       966662                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           50097787                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17949467                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         17120469                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.545893                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            136815329                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           136811014                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        73889199                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       145569078                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.545048                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507589                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111156751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    130627780                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12852580                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16655                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1050062                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236142134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188784640     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17271257      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8109702      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8013689      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2180748      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9327126      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       697428      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       507490      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1250054      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236142134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    111156751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    130627780                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             49675806                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            32619787                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8314                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17250196                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       116159583                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1265370                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1250054                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          378372102                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         289122150                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4540093                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              12703745                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         111156751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           130627780                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    111156751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.258136                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.258136                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.442843                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.442843                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      677441764                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     158878346                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     171264240                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        16630                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         369547                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32764.035591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2173060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         402315                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.401389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           206.932981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.544549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1169.727896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.676788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2077.927727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.670722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  2438.351972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.343391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  2427.006605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.398171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1134.864866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.487119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   910.498684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.231161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1487.494881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.557237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1474.117113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.191961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1477.171991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.657642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1595.763255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.006978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1474.088320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.168410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1484.216376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.627162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1168.890481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.631632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  2404.264515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.495968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  2409.636584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.951992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2418.457883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           262.016062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           352.765963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           316.752222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           319.596484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           305.852677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           282.597461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           299.507794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           301.703780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           298.534174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           318.365811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           297.023297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           300.480552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           254.294958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           352.847732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           345.415683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           357.227929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.035697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.063413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.074413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.074066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.034633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.027786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.045395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.044986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.045080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.048699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.044986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.045295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.035672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.073372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.073536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.073805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.007996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.010766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.009667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.009753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.009334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.008624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.009140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.009207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.009111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.009064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.009170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.007760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.010768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.010541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        47562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        47287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        25005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        47806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        47520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        47966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  590837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           163265                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                163265                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1636                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        47638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        47356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        25214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        47883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        47594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        48038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   592473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26288                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42272                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        47638                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        47356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26661                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        25214                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34556                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34491                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34450                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35205                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34214                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26193                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        47883                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        47594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        48038                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  592473                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        33100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        33165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                369384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  59                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        33102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        33169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 369443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14591                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        33102                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33367                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14227                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11105                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19787                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20256                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20081                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19953                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14680                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32841                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        33169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32705                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                369443                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5735186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2381555073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5918999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4790275773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6248258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5391618327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6130486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5434749686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5869932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2316128268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5606389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1822212766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5308423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3213348432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5090664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3227373947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5307518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3246824464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5925331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3329285850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5166853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3258481419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5141909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3249828250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5966521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2399372328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5906567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5350828970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6287983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5401483826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6513645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5315923350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60221415393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       344552                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1436810                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       131487                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1991552                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1076140                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1155780                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1268195                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       187800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       151479                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       713349                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       957890                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       9415034                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5735186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2381555073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5918999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4790275773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6248258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5391962879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6130486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5436186496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5869932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2316259755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5606389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1822212766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5308423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3215339984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5090664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3228450087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5307518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3246824464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5925331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3330441630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5166853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3259749614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5141909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3250016050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5966521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2399372328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5906567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5350980449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6287983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5402197175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6513645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5316881240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      60230830427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5735186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2381555073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5918999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4790275773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6248258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5391962879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6130486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5436186496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5869932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2316259755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5606389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1822212766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5308423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3215339984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5090664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3228450087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5307518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3246824464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5925331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3330441630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5166853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3259749614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5141909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3250016050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5966521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2399372328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5906567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5350980449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6287983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5402197175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6513645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5316881240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     60230830427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        80662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        80645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        54272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        54289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        54337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        54223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        54279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        80646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        80685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        80665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              960221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       163265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            163265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1695                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        80740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        80723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        54343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        54359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        54409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        54295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        54350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        80724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        80763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        80743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               961916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        80740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        80723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        54343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        54359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        54409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        54295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        54350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        80724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        80763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        80743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              961916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.358220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.410354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.413640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.307533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.364368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.365838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.367319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.366148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.370193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.367582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.407212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.411043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.384686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.115385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006757                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.169014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.049689                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.014085                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.051282                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.076923                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.034808                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.409983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.413352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.364113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.365496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.366833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.367121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.359161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.406831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.410695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.384070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.409983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.413352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.364113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.365496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.366833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.367121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.359161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.406831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.410695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.384070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 143379.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163220.826057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151769.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164331.930463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160211.743590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162888.771208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161328.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162921.928353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150511.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162809.522564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151524.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164089.398109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156130.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162495.495929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149725.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162498.058859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156103.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162674.706348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151931.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164425.417325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151966.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162331.560753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 146911.685714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162882.330092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149163.025000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163444.981471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151450.435897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162936.326736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153365.439024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162866.993095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162841.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162571.434906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163032.008406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       172276                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 159645.555556                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       131487                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 165962.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153734.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 144472.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 158524.375000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       187800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       151479                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 178337.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 159648.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159576.847458                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 143379.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163220.826057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151769.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164331.930463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160211.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162889.338378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161328.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162921.044625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150511.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162807.320939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151524.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164089.398109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156130.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162497.598625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149725.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162494.971160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156103.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162674.706348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151931.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164417.537026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151966.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162330.044022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 146911.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162883.578910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149163.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163444.981471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151450.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162935.977863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153365.439024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162868.858724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162841.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162570.898639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163031.456617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 143379.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163220.826057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151769.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164331.930463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160211.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162889.338378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161328.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162921.044625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150511.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162807.320939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151524.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164089.398109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156130.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162497.598625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149725.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162494.971160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156103.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162674.706348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151931.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164417.537026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151966.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162330.044022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 146911.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162883.578910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149163.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163444.981471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151450.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162935.977863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153365.439024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162868.858724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162841.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162570.898639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163031.456617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                78109                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     78109                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        33100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        33165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           369384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             59                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        33102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        33169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            369443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        33102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        33169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           369443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3412321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1531914453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3645013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3093001590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3984312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3465409679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3923164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3493431833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3605724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1487761980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3448527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1175633385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3331557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2061548511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3116779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2070514713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3327857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2084295699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3651170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2150171517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3189224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2089387165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3102614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2087672666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3640781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1544568497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3634697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3439357336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3904642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3471233909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4190765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3412799404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38715811484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       228062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       910751                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        73187                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1293098                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       668446                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       689474                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       803370                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       130000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        93032                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       480131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       609072                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5978623                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3412321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1531914453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3645013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3093001590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3984312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3465637741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3923164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3494342584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3605724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1487835167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3448527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1175633385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3331557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2062841609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3116779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2071183159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3327857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2084295699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3651170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2150860991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3189224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2090190535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3102614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2087802666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3640781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1544568497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3634697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3439450368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3904642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3471714040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4190765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3413408476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38721790107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3412321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1531914453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3645013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3093001590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3984312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3465637741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3923164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3494342584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3605724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1487835167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3448527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1175633385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3331557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2062841609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3116779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2071183159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3327857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2084295699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3651170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2150860991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3189224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2090190535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3102614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2087802666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3640781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1544568497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3634697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3439450368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3904642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3471714040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4190765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3413408476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38721790107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.358220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.410354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.413640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.307533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.364368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.365838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.367319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.366148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.370193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.367582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.407212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.411043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.384686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.025641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.115385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.169014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.049689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.014085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.051282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.409983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.413352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.364113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.365496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.366833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.367121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.359161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.406831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.410695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.384070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.409983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.413352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.364113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.365496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.366833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.367121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.359161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.406831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.410695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.384070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 85308.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104990.367555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93461.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106106.401029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102161.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104695.156465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103241.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104725.458151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92454.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104580.485027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93203.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105865.230527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97986.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104250.240759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91669.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104250.275062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97878.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104428.864121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93619.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106191.797560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93800.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104089.431824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 88646.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104634.756716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91019.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105215.837670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93197.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104730.734957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95235.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104665.578441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 104769.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104370.145998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104811.825861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       114031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101194.555556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        73187                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107758.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95492.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86184.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100421.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       130000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        93032                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120032.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       101512                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101332.593220                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 85308.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104990.367555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93461.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106106.401029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102161.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104695.720530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103241.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104724.505769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92454.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104578.278414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93203.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105865.230527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97986.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104252.368171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91669.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104247.189400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97878.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104428.864121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93619.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106183.895685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93800.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104087.970470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 88646.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104636.027966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91019.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105215.837670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93197.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104730.378734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95235.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104667.431638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 104769.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104369.621648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104811.270228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 85308.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104990.367555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93461.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106106.401029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102161.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104695.720530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103241.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104724.505769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92454.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104578.278414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93203.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105865.230527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97986.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104252.368171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91669.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104247.189400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97878.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104428.864121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93619.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106183.895685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93800.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104087.970470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 88646.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104636.027966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91019.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105215.837670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93197.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104730.378734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95235.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104667.431638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 104769.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104369.621648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104811.270228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              517.212476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012192720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs                  1954040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    42.212476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.067648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12184624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12184624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12184624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12184624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12184624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12184624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8217749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8217749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8217749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8217749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8217749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8217749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12184676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12184676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12184676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12184676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12184676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12184676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158033.634615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158033.634615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158033.634615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158033.634615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158033.634615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158033.634615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6820915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6820915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6820915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6820915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6820915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6820915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158625.930233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158625.930233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158625.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158625.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158625.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158625.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40879                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166568002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4049.301130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.147894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.852106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8382091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8382091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18419                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18419                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16988                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16988                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15438202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15438202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15438202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15438202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          851                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          851                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16326667944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16326667944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73613332                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73613332                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16400281276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16400281276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16400281276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16400281276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8512930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8512930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18419                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18419                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16988                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16988                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15569892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15569892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15569892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15569892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124784.414005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124784.414005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 86502.152761                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86502.152761                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124537.028446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124537.028446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124537.028446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124537.028446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90811                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90811                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4290158612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4290158612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9817891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9817891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4299976503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4299976503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4299976503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4299976503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105326.490523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105326.490523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66788.374150                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66788.374150                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105187.908290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105187.908290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105187.908290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105187.908290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              528.611681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1017909132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1920583.267925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.611681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.061878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12133807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12133807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12133807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12133807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12133807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12133807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7946201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7946201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7946201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7946201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7946201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7946201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12133859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12133859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12133859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12133859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12133859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12133859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152811.557692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152811.557692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152811.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152811.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152811.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152811.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6427306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6427306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6427306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6427306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6427306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6427306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160682.650000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160682.650000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160682.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160682.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160682.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160682.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                71422                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              181284077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                71678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2529.145303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.150913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.849087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8414727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8414727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6971501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6971501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19350                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19350                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16267                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16267                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15386228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15386228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15386228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15386228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       180977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       180977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       181789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       181789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       181789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       181789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22240146417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22240146417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     70795279                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70795279                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22310941696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22310941696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22310941696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22310941696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8595704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8595704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6972313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6972313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19350                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19350                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16267                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16267                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15568017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15568017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15568017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15568017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122889.352885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122889.352885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 87186.304187                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87186.304187                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122729.877473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122729.877473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122729.877473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122729.877473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       109690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       110367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       110367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        71287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        71422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        71422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7938169033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7938169033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9138640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9138640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7947307673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7947307673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7947307673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7947307673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111355.072215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111355.072215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 67693.629630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67693.629630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111272.544496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111272.544496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111272.544496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111272.544496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              580.106323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1042828333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1788727.843911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    39.094220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.012102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.062651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11871568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11871568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11871568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11871568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11871568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11871568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9547610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9547610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9547610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9547610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9547610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9547610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11871620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11871620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11871620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11871620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11871620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11871620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 183607.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183607.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 183607.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183607.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 183607.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183607.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7680006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7680006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7680006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7680006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7680006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7680006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 192000.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192000.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 192000.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192000.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 192000.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192000.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                80740                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              450328654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                80996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              5559.887575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.899867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.100133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     31127333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31127333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17045726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17045726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8319                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8319                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     48173059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       48173059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     48173059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      48173059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       286325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       286325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       286585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       286585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       286585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       286585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34848247789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34848247789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24217388                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24217388                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34872465177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34872465177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34872465177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34872465177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     31413658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31413658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17045986                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17045986                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8319                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8319                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     48459644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48459644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     48459644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48459644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 121708.714883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121708.714883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93143.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93143.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 121682.799787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121682.799787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 121682.799787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121682.799787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           13437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       205663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       205845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205845                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       205845                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        80662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        80740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        80740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9086249712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9086249712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6036638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6036638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9092286350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9092286350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9092286350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9092286350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112645.975949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112645.975949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 77392.794872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77392.794872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112611.919123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112611.919123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112611.919123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112611.919123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              578.764156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1042824401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1791794.503436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    37.713386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.050770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.060438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11867636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11867636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11867636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11867636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11867636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11867636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9708594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9708594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9708594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9708594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9708594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9708594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11867686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11867686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11867686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11867686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11867686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11867686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 194171.880000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 194171.880000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 194171.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 194171.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 194171.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 194171.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7594617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7594617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7594617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7594617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7594617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7594617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 194733.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194733.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 194733.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194733.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 194733.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194733.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                80723                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              450326533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                80979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5561.028575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.899374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.100626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     31125755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31125755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17045194                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17045194                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8789                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8789                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8319                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8319                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     48170949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       48170949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     48170949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      48170949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       286217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       286217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       286475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       286475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       286475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       286475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34905112963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34905112963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25194001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25194001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34930306964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34930306964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34930306964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34930306964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     31411972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31411972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17045452                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17045452                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8789                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8789                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8319                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8319                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     48457424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48457424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     48457424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48457424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121953.318507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121953.318507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97651.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97651.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121931.431936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121931.431936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121931.431936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121931.431936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           13298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       205572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       205572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       205752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       205752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       205752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       205752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        80645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        80723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        80723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9108084411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9108084411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6418504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6418504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9114502915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9114502915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9114502915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9114502915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112940.472577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112940.472577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82288.512821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82288.512821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112910.854589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112910.854589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112910.854589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112910.854589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              515.899679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1012197608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1957829.029014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    40.899679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.065544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12189512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12189512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12189512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12189512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12189512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12189512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8124401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8124401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8124401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8124401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8124401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8124401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12189559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12189559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12189559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12189559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12189559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12189559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172859.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172859.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172859.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172859.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172859.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172859.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7059253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7059253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7059253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7059253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7059253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7059253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168077.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168077.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168077.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168077.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168077.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168077.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                40888                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              166577212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                41144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4048.639218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.150016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.849984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.910742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.089258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8386927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8386927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7060412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7060412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15447339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15447339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15447339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15447339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       131026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       131026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       131892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       131892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       131892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       131892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16207544623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16207544623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     75313077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75313077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16282857700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16282857700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16282857700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16282857700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8517953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8517953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7061278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7061278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15579231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15579231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15579231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15579231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123697.164097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123697.164097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 86966.601617                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86966.601617                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123455.992024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123455.992024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123455.992024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123455.992024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        90286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        91004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        91004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        91004                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        91004                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4244852013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4244852013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10008052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10008052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4254860065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4254860065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4254860065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4254860065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104193.716568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104193.716568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67621.972973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67621.972973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104061.339880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104061.339880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104061.339880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104061.339880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              493.412395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1015381960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2055429.068826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.412395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.061558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12282520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12282520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12282520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12282520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12282520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12282520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7843522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7843522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7843522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7843522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7843522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7843522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12282570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12282570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12282570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12282570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12282570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12282570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156870.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156870.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156870.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156870.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156870.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156870.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6252452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6252452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6252452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6252452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6252452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6252452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160319.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160319.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160319.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160319.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160319.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160319.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                36319                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              164342485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                36575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4493.301025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.436275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.563725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.911860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.088140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9791140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9791140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7278094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7278094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19469                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19469                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17069234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       17069234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17069234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      17069234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        93302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        95417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        95417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        95417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        95417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10065503982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10065503982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    142142988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    142142988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10207646970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10207646970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10207646970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10207646970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      9884442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9884442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7280209                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7280209                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19469                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19469                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17701                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17701                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17164651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17164651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17164651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17164651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107880.902682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107880.902682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 67207.086525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67207.086525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106979.332509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106979.332509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106979.332509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106979.332509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       185842                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 20649.111111                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        57192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        59098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        59098                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59098                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3610106640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3610106640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16034066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16034066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3626140706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3626140706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3626140706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3626140706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99975.260039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99975.260039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 76718.019139                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76718.019139                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99841.424764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99841.424764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99841.424764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99841.424764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              558.185071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              932318503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1658929.720641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.026378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.158692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.052927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12173471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12173471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12173471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12173471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12173471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12173471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6899903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6899903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6899903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6899903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6899903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6899903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12173512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12173512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12173512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12173512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12173512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12173512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168290.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168290.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168290.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168290.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168290.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168290.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6008933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6008933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6008933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6008933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6008933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6008933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171683.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171683.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171683.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171683.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171683.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171683.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                54343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              224698232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                54599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4115.427609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   203.441811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    52.558189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.794695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.205305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17872893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17872893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3451253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3451253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21324146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       21324146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21324146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      21324146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       189642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       189978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       189978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       189978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       189978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21772763990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21772763990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     31558784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31558784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21804322774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21804322774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21804322774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21804322774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18062535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18062535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3451589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21514124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21514124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21514124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21514124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114809.820557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114809.820557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93924.952381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93924.952381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114772.883039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114772.883039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114772.883039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114772.883039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5972                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            5972                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       135370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       135635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       135635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        54272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        54343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        54343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5753186110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5753186110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6172853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6172853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5759358963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5759358963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5759358963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5759358963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106006.524727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106006.524727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86941.591549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86941.591549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105981.616087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105981.616087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105981.616087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105981.616087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              558.980110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              932317287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1658927.556940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    33.860962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.119148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.054264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12172255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12172255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12172255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12172255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12172255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12172255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6791604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6791604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6791604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6791604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6791604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6791604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12172296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12172296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12172296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12172296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12172296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12172296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165648.878049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165648.878049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165648.878049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165648.878049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165648.878049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165648.878049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5863369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5863369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5863369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5863369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5863369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5863369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167524.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167524.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167524.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167524.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167524.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167524.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                54359                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              224690895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                54615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4114.087613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   202.250153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    53.749847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.790040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.209960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17866052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17866052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3450755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3450755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     21316807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       21316807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     21316807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      21316807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       189741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       190066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       190066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       190066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       190066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21851753337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21851753337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     32306214                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32306214                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21884059551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21884059551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21884059551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21884059551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     18055793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18055793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3451080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     21506873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21506873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     21506873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21506873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115166.217829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115166.217829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99403.735385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99403.735385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115139.265050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115139.265050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115139.265050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115139.265050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            6344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       135452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       135707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       135707                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135707                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        54289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        54359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        54359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5761359032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5761359032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5357954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5357954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5766716986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5766716986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5766716986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5766716986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106123.874671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106123.874671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76542.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76542.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106085.781306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106085.781306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106085.781306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106085.781306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              559.113762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              932314703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1658922.959075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    33.994586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   525.119176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.054479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12169671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12169671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12169671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12169671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12169671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12169671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7007293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7007293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7007293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7007293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7007293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7007293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12169712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12169712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12169712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12169712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12169712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12169712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170909.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170909.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170909.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170909.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170909.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170909.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6016400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6016400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6016400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6016400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6016400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6016400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171897.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171897.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171897.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171897.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171897.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171897.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                54409                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              224693966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                54665                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4110.380792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   202.198454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    53.801546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.789838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.210162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17868650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17868650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3451231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3451231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     21319881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       21319881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     21319881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      21319881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       190038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          348                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          348                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       190386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       190386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       190386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       190386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21926726196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21926726196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31020722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31020722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21957746918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21957746918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21957746918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21957746918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18058688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18058688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3451579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     21510267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21510267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     21510267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21510267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115380.745935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115380.745935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 89140.005747                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89140.005747                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115332.781391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115332.781391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115332.781391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115332.781391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            6368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       135701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       135977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       135977                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135977                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        54337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        54409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        54409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5780272272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5780272272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4929365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4929365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5785201637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5785201637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5785201637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5785201637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106378.200342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106378.200342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 68463.402778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68463.402778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106328.027293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106328.027293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106328.027293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106328.027293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              519.100421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1013315456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1941217.348659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.100421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.059456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11991305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11991305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11991305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11991305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11991305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11991305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7651304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7651304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7651304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7651304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7651304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7651304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11991353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11991353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11991353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11991353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11991353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11991353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159402.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159402.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159402.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159402.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159402.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159402.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6388137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6388137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6388137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6388137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6388137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6388137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159703.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159703.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159703.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159703.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159703.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159703.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                55461                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              172640415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                55717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3098.523162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.985346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.014654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8460263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8460263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7158107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7158107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17535                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17535                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16470                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16470                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15618370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15618370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15618370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15618370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       189596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3778                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3778                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       193374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       193374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       193374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       193374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25010103908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25010103908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    478662119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    478662119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25488766027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25488766027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25488766027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25488766027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8649859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8649859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7161885                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7161885                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17535                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17535                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16470                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16470                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15811744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15811744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15811744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15811744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 131912.613705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131912.613705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 126697.225781                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126697.225781                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 131810.719264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131810.719264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 131810.719264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131810.719264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           18756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       134296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       137913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       137913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5911891218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5911891218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     11438834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11438834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5923330052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5923330052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5923330052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5923330052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106905.808644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106905.808644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 71048.658385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71048.658385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106801.717459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106801.717459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106801.717459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106801.717459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              558.463462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              932314702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1658922.957295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.304771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.158691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.053373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12169670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12169670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12169670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12169670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12169670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12169670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6587466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6587466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6587466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6587466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6587466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6587466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12169712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12169712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12169712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12169712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12169712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12169712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156844.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156844.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156844.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156844.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156844.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156844.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5652626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5652626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5652626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5652626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5652626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5652626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161503.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161503.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161503.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161503.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161503.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161503.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                54295                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              224690613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                54551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4118.909149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   203.068130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    52.931870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.793235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.206765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17865886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17865886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3450645                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3450645                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21316531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       21316531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21316531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      21316531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       189630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          352                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          352                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       189982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       189982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       189982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       189982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21889331531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21889331531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     33888885                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33888885                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21923220416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21923220416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21923220416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21923220416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18055516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18055516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3450997                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3450997                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21506513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21506513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21506513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21506513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115431.796293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115431.796293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 96275.241477                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96275.241477                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115396.302892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115396.302892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115396.302892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115396.302892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       135407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       135687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       135687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        54223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        54295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        54295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5774693722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5774693722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5772922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5772922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5780466644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5780466644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5780466644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5780466644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106498.971322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106498.971322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 80179.472222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80179.472222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106464.069325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106464.069325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106464.069325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106464.069325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              559.735072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              932314512                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1655976.042629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    34.659668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.075404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.055544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12169480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12169480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12169480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12169480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12169480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12169480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6964081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6964081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6964081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6964081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6964081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6964081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12169525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12169525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12169525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12169525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12169525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12169525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154757.355556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154757.355556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154757.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154757.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154757.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154757.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5684304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5684304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5684304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5684304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5684304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5684304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157897.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157897.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157897.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157897.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157897.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157897.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                54350                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              224691198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                54606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4114.771234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   203.066857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    52.933143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.793230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.206770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17865892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17865892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3451234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3451234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21317126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       21317126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21317126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      21317126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       189512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       189853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       189853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       189853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       189853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21916425490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21916425490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     30668605                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30668605                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21947094095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21947094095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21947094095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21947094095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18055404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18055404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3451575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21506979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21506979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21506979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21506979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115646.637099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115646.637099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 89937.258065                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89937.258065                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115600.459803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115600.459803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115600.459803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115600.459803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       135233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       135503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       135503                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135503                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        54279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        54350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        54350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5775642391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5775642391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5051093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5051093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5780693484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5780693484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5780693484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5780693484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106406.573279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106406.573279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 71142.154930                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71142.154930                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106360.505685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106360.505685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106360.505685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106360.505685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              517.098436                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1012190694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1954036.088803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    42.098436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.067465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12182598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12182598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12182598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12182598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12182598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12182598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8455565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8455565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8455565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8455565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8455565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8455565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12182648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12182648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12182648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12182648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12182648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12182648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169111.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169111.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169111.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169111.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169111.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169111.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7144122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7144122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7144122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7144122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7144122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7144122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166142.372093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166142.372093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166142.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166142.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166142.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166142.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                40873                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              166568803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                41129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4049.911328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.147917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.852083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.910734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.089266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8382183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8382183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7056660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18576                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18576                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16991                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16991                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15438843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15438843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15438843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15438843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       130904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          870                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          870                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       131774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       131774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       131774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       131774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16374564545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16374564545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     74658115                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74658115                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16449222660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16449222660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16449222660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16449222660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8513087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8513087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7057530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7057530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18576                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18576                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16991                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16991                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15570617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15570617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15570617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15570617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 125088.343710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125088.343710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85813.925287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85813.925287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124829.045639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124829.045639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124829.045639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124829.045639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        90180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        90901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        90901                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90901                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        40724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        40873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        40873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4306370373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4306370373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9942656                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9942656                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4316313029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4316313029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4316313029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4316313029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105745.269939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105745.269939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66729.234899                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66729.234899                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105603.039390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105603.039390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105603.039390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105603.039390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              579.720767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1042831261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1788732.866209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    38.670086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.050681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.061971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11874496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11874496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11874496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11874496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11874496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11874496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9052540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9052540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9052540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9052540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9052540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9052540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11874546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11874546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11874546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11874546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11874546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11874546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 181050.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181050.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 181050.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181050.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 181050.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181050.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7142838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7142838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7142838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7142838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7142838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7142838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 178570.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178570.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 178570.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178570.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 178570.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178570.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                80724                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              450342580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                80980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5561.158064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.899939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.100061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     31137464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31137464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17049470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17049470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8321                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8321                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     48186934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       48186934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     48186934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      48186934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       285935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       285935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       286189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       286189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       286189                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       286189                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  34783945487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34783945487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21933545                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21933545                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  34805879032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34805879032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  34805879032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34805879032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     31423399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31423399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17049724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17049724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8321                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8321                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     48473123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48473123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     48473123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48473123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121649.834707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121649.834707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 86352.539370                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86352.539370                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121618.507462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121618.507462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121618.507462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121618.507462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           14347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       205289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       205289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       205465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       205465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       205465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       205465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        80646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        80724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        80724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9038268252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9038268252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5542554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5542554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9043810806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9043810806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9043810806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9043810806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112073.360762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112073.360762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 71058.384615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71058.384615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112033.729820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112033.729820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112033.729820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112033.729820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              581.253533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1042826791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1782609.899145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    41.235451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   540.018082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.066082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.865414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11870026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11870026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11870026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11870026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11870026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11870026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10010038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10010038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10010038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10010038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10010038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10010038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11870080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11870080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11870080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11870080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11870080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11870080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 185371.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185371.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 185371.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 185371.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 185371.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185371.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7812128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7812128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7812128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7812128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7812128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7812128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186003.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186003.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186003.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186003.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186003.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186003.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                80763                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              450335995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                81019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              5558.399820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.900868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.099132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.437113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.562887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     31131695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31131695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17049173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17049173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8320                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8320                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     48180868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       48180868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     48180868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      48180868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       286689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       286689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       286947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       286947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       286947                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       286947                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  34996879986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34996879986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     25289648                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25289648                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35022169634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35022169634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35022169634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35022169634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     31418384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31418384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17049431                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17049431                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8320                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8320                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     48467815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48467815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     48467815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48467815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122072.629177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122072.629177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98021.891473                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98021.891473                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122051.004659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122051.004659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122051.004659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122051.004659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           14979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       206004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       206004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       206184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       206184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       206184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       206184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        80685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        80763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        80763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9084833637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9084833637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6189928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6189928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9091023565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9091023565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9091023565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9091023565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112596.314519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112596.314519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 79358.051282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79358.051282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112564.213377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112564.213377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112564.213377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112564.213377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              580.905528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1042833784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1785674.287671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    39.893428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.012100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.063932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11877019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11877019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11877019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11877019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11877019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11877019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9968693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9968693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9968693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9968693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9968693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9968693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11877070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11877070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11877070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11877070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11877070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11877070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 195464.568627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 195464.568627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 195464.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 195464.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 195464.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 195464.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8060574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8060574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8060574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8060574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8060574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8060574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 196599.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196599.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 196599.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196599.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 196599.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196599.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                80743                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              450313128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                80999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              5559.489969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.899642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.100358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     31118564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31118564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17038889                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17038889                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8884                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8884                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8315                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8315                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     48157453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       48157453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     48157453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      48157453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       285529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       285529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       285787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       285787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       285787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       285787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34749810947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34749810947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     25110662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25110662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34774921609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34774921609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34774921609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34774921609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     31404093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31404093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17039147                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17039147                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8884                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8884                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8315                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8315                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     48443240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48443240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     48443240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48443240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121703.262880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121703.262880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 97328.147287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97328.147287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121681.257751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121681.257751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121681.257751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121681.257751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           15239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       204864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       204864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       205044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       205044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       205044                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       205044                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        80665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        80743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        80743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9030290439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9030290439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6417459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6417459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9036707898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9036707898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9036707898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9036707898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111948.062220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111948.062220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 82275.115385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82275.115385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111919.397322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111919.397322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111919.397322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111919.397322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
